<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220401_10-K_edgar_data_824416_0001213900-22-017254.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5776072</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293782</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1032353</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1447865</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1454436</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1381565</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-22-017254.hdr.sgml : 20220401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220401113639
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-22-017254
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000824416
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-MISCELLANEOUS NONDURABLE GOODS [5190]
		IRS NUMBER:				112873662
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	033-18099-NY
		FILM NUMBER:		22796620

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8887437577

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 THEODORE FREMD AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 206S
		CITY:			RYE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10580

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	QUEST PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19971120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PHASE OUT OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-22-017254.txt : 20220401

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_questpatent.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________________
to _____________________ 

Commission file number 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

., , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 

Note - Checking the box above will not relieve
any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendments to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s
assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting
and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average
bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: as of June 30, 2021. 

As of March 31, 2022, the registrant had 
shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 38 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 39 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item 7A . 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 49 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 50 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 50 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

As used in this annual report, the terms we, 
 us, our, and words of like import, and the Company refers to Quest Patent Research Corporation
and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking
statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as expects, plans, will, 
 forecasts, projects, intends, estimates, and other words of similar meaning. One
can identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to address
our growth strategy, financial results and product and development programs. One must carefully consider any such statement and should
understand that many factors could cause actual results to differ from our forward looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate
assumptions and a broad variety of other risks and uncertainties, including some that are known and some that are not. No forward looking
statement can be guaranteed and actual future results may vary materially. 

These risks and uncertainties, many of which are
beyond our control, include, and are not limited to: 

Our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property rights, including our ability to license our intellectual property rights and our ability to be successful in any litigation which we may commence in order to seek to monetize our intellectual property rights; 

Our ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing for operations and for the monetization of our intellectual property rights; 

Our ability to remain current with respect to our obligations under patent purchase agreements, the failure of which could result in a default under our agreement with Quest Finance LLC QFL or, even if the failure does not result in a default, it may affect the willingness of QFL to make advances to us under the funding agreement; 

The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the recent Omicron variant, a subvariant of Omicron or any other variants or other outbreak of infections on our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property; including reduced court schedules which give a lower priority to legal action such as those we file and the ability or willingness of defendants to reach a settlement on our claims, and impairment in the financial condition or bankruptcy of defendants and potential defendants in action which we commenced or may commence; 

Our ability to generate sufficient proceeds from our intellectual property rights to enable us to realize any cash flow after payments to our funding sources, including QFL under our financing agreement with QFL, our restructured agreement with Intelligent Partners, LLC Intelligent Partners ), and payments due to counsel; 

Our ability to identify intellectual property which QFL is willing to fund and to find other funding sources if QFL is not willing to fund the acquisition of the intellectual property; 

Our ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing for operations; 

Our ability to identify and negotiate purchase terms of intellectual property that QFL is willing to fund the litigation pursuant to our agreements with QFL; 

Our ability to identify and acquire intellectual property rights for innovative technologies for which there is a significant potential market, including our ability to negotiate to obtain such rights in view of the economic effects COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting business closures; 

The effect of any adverse decision in any action one of our subsidiaries may commence, including the award of legal fees in favor of a defendant, which may result in the bankruptcy of the subsidiary; 

The effects on our business, financial conditions and ownership of proprietary rights in the event of any default under our agreements with QFL or Intelligent Partners; 

The effect of legislation and court decisions on the ability to generate revenue from patent and other intellectual property rights as well as the market s perception of the effects of such legislation or court decisions on our business; 

ii 

The effect of Russian invasion of Ukraine or any other international conflicts and the sanctions which have been imposed and which may be imposed and the resulting economic conditions may affect our ability to acquire and monetize intellectual property; 

Our ability to obtain the funding either from QFL or other sources in order for us to acquire intellectual property and otherwise develop our business; 

Our ability to reduce the cost of litigation through contingent fees with counsel or to obtain third-party financing from QFL or other sources if QFL does not provide the funding necessary for us to acquire the intellectual property or enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation; 

The results or anticipated results of litigation by or against us, including any actions or motions by defendants seeking legal fees or any other recovery from us in the event that a court decision is against us or otherwise does not uphold our intellectual property rights; 

The effects on us in the event that any party against which we commence litigation obtains a judgement against one of our subsidiaries and seeks to foreclose on the intellectual property owned by the subsidiary which may result in a default under our loan agreement with United Wireless. 

The anticipated or actual results of our operations; 

Events or conditions relating to the enforcement of intellectual property rights generally; 

The development of a market for our common stock; 

Our ability to retain our key executive officers and identify, hire and retain additional key employees; 

Any discrepancy between anticipated or projected results and actual results of our operations; 

The market s perception or our ability to continue to make our filings with the SEC in a timely manner; 

Actions by third parties to either sell or purchase stock in quantities which would have a significant effect on our stock price; and 

The sale or the market s perception of the possible sale by QFL or Intelligent Partners of the shares of common stock which we have registered pursuant to the Securities Act; 

Any damages we may be required to pay in the event that we do not keep the registration statement covering shares to be sold by owned by Intelligent Partners or issuable upon warrants held by QFL current and effective without their ability to sell pursuant to Rule 144; and 

Other matters not within our control. 

In addition, factors that could cause or contribute
to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks
discussed under the caption Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, as well as those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise
or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and
uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Information regarding market and industry statistics
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally
based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. We have not
reviewed or included data from all sources. Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to
the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size, revenue and market acceptance
of products and services. We do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result, you should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are an intellectual property asset management
company. Our principal operations include the acquisition, licensing and enforcement of intellectual property rights that are either owned
or controlled by us or one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We currently own, control or manage fifteen intellectual property portfolios,
which principally consist of patent rights. As part of our intellectual property asset management activities and in the ordinary course
of our business, it has been necessary for us or the intellectual property owner who we represent to initiate, and it is likely to continue
to be necessary to initiate, patent infringement lawsuits and engage in patent infringement litigation. We anticipate that our primary
source of revenue will come from the grant of licenses to use our intellectual property, including primarily licenses granted as part
of the settlement of patent infringement lawsuits. 

Intellectual property monetization includes the
generation of revenue and proceeds from the licensing of patents, patented technologies and other intellectual property rights. Patent
litigation is often, and for us has been, a necessary element of intellectual property monetization where a patent owner, or a representative
of the patent owner, seeks to protect its patent rights against the unlicensed manufacture, sale, and use of the owner s patent
rights or products which incorporate the owner s patent rights. In general, we seek to monetize the bundle of rights granted by
the patents through structured licensing and when necessary enforcement of those rights through litigation, although to date all of our
patent license revenues have resulted from litigation. To date all of our revenue from the licensing of our patents has resulted from
litigation commenced by us. 

We intend to develop our business by acquiring
intellectual property rights, either in the form of ownership of or an exclusive license to the underlying intellectual property. Our
goal is to enter into agreements with inventors of innovative technologies for which there may be a significant market for products which
use or incorporate the intellectual property. We seek to purchase all of, or interests in, intellectual property in exchange for cash,
securities of our company, the formation or a joint venture or separate subsidiary in which the owner has an equity interest, and/or interests
in the monetization of those assets. Our revenue from this aspect of our business can be generated through licensing and, when necessary,
which is typically the case, litigation. We engage in due diligence and a principled risk underwriting process to evaluate the merits
and potential value of any acquisition, partnership or joint venture. We seek to structure the terms of our acquisitions in a manner that
will achieve the highest risk-adjusted returns possible, in the context of our financial condition. In connection with the acquisition
of intellectual property portfolios, we have granted the party providing the financing an interest in any recovery we have with respect
to the intellectual property purchased with the financing, and we expect that we will have to continue to grant such interests until and
unless we have generated sufficient cash from licensing our intellectual property to enable us to acquire additional intellectual property
portfolios without outside financing. However, we cannot assure you that we will ever generate sufficient revenues to enable us to purchase
additional intellectual property without third-party financing. 

1 

We employ a due diligence process before completing
the acquisition of an intellectual property interest. We begin with an investment thesis supporting the potential transaction and then
proceed to test the thesis through an examination of the critical drivers of the value of the underlying intellectual property asset.
Such an examination focuses on areas such as title and inventorship issues, the quality of the drafting and prosecution of the intellectual
property assets, legal risks inherent in licensing programs generally, the applicability of the invention to the relevant marketplace
and other issues such as the effects of venue and other procedural issues. If we require financing to acquire intellectual property, we
will have to satisfy our financing source, which may by QFL, that we have the ability to monetize the intellectual property. However,
our financial position may affect our ability to conduct adequate due diligence with respect to intellectual property rights or to acquire
valuable intellectual property. This due diligence effort is conducted by our chief executive officer, who is our only full-time
employee. 

It has been necessary to commence litigation in
order to obtain a recovery for past infringement of, or to license the use of, our intellectual property rights. Intellectual property
litigation is very expensive, with no certainty of any recovery. To the extent possible we seek to engage counsel on a contingent fee
or partial contingent fee basis, which significantly reduces our litigation cost, but which also reduces the value of the recovery to
us. We do not have the resources to enable us to fund the cost of litigation. To the extent that we cannot secure counsel on a contingent
basis and cannot fund litigation ourselves, which, considering our financial position, is likely to be the case, we may enter into an
agreement with a third party, which may be an independent third party, such as QFL, to finance the cost of litigation. In view of our
limited cash and our working capital deficiency, we are not able to institute any monetization program that may require litigation unless
we engage counsel on a fully contingent basis or we obtain funding from third party funding sources. In these cases, counsel may be afforded
a greater participation in the recovery and the third party that funds the litigation would be entitled to participate in any recovery. 

Agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners 

Set forth below is a discussion of agreements which we entered into
in February 2021with QFL to provide us with a financing facility, funds to make a payment due to Intelligent Partners and for working
capital and an agreement with Intelligent Partners to restructure our loan agreement and related agreements. The agreement with Intelligent
Partners restated our agreements with United Wireless Holdings, Inc. United Wireless which had been assigned to Intelligent
Partners, an affiliate of United Wireless. The descriptions below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K relating to our agreements with QFL
and Intelligent Partners are summaries only and are qualified in their entirety by reference to those agreements which were filed as exhibits
to this Form 10-K. 

Summary of Agreements with QFL 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into a series
of agreements which we entered into in February 2021 with QFL, including a prepaid forward purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ),
a security agreement (the Security Agreement ), a subsidiary security agreement (the Subsidiary Security Agreement ),
a subsidiary guaranty (the Subsidiary Guarantee ), a warrant issue agreement (the Warrant Issue Agreement ),
a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement and a board observation rights agreement (the Board
Observation Rights Agreement together with the Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Subsidiary Security Agreement,
Warrant Issuance Agreement, Registration Rights Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, the Investment Documents pursuant
to which, at the closing held contemporaneously with the execution of the agreements: 

(i) 
 Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QFL agreed to make available to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that we intend to monetize; (b) up to 2,000,000 for operating expenses; and (iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return we transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. During 2021 we requested and received 1,000,000 for working capital. The terms of the Purchase Agreement are described under Purchase Agreement. 

(ii) 
 We used 1,750,000 of proceeds from the QFL financing as the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners as transferee of United Wireless pursuant to a restructure agreement (the Restructure Agreement between us and Intelligent Partners executed contemporaneously with the closing of the Investment Documents with QFL. The payment was made directly from QFL to Intelligent Partners. The terms of the Restructure Agreement are described under Restructure Agreement. 

2 

(iii) 
 Pursuant to the Security Agreement, our obligations under the Purchase Agreement with QFL are secured by: (a) the proceeds (as defined in the Purchase Agreement); (b) the patents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement; (c) all general intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing (a) and (b); and (d) proceeds (including, without limitation, cash proceeds and insurance proceeds) and products of the foregoing (a)-(c). 

(iv) 
 Pursuant to the Subsidiary Guaranty, eight of our subsidiaries Quest Licensing Corporation QLC ), Quest NetTech Corporation NetTech ), Mariner IC Inc. Mariner ), Semcon IP Inc. Semcon ), IC Kinetics Inc. IC ), CXT Systems Inc. CXT ), M-Red Inc. MRED ), and Audio Messaging Inc.( AMI ), collectively, the Subsidiary Guarantors guaranteed our obligations to QFL under the Purchase Agreement. 

(v) 
 Pursuant to the Subsidiary Security Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantors grant QFL a security interest in the proceeds from the future monetization of their respective patent portfolios. 

(vi) 
 Pursuant to the Warrant Issue Agreement, we granted QFL ten-year warrants to purchase a total of up to 96,246,246 shares of our common stock, with an exercise price of 0.0054 per share which may be exercised from February 19, 2021 through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis. Exercisability of the Warrant is limited if, upon exercise, the holder would beneficially own more than 4.99 (the Maximum Percentage of our common stock, except that by written notice to us, the holder may change the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 provided any such change will not be effective until the 61 st day following notice to us. The Warrant also contains certain minimum ownership percentage antidilution rights pursuant to which the aggregate number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the initial exercise of the Warrant shall not be less than 10 of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis). A portion of any gain from sale of the shares, net of taxes and costs of exercise, realized prior to the completion of all monetization activities shall be credited against the total return due to QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

(vii) 
 We agreed to take all commercially reasonable steps necessary to regain compliance with the OTCQB eligibility standards as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 12 months from the closing date. We regained such compliance on May 7, 2021, at which time the common stock recommenced trading on the OTCQB. 

(viii) 
 We granted QFL certain registration rights with respect to the 96,246,246 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant. 

(ix) 
 Commencing six months from the closing date, if the shares owned by QFL cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the Company being in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not in compliance with the current public information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to QFL. 

(x) 
 Pursuant to the Board Observation Rights Agreement, until the later of the date on which QFL or its affiliates (i) have received the entirety of their Investment Return (as defined in Purchase Agreement), and (ii) no longer hold any Securities (the Observation Period ), we granted QFL the right, exercisable at any time during the Observation Period, to appoint a representative to attend meetings (including, without limitation, telephonic or other electronic meetings) of the Board or any committee thereof, including executive sessions, in an observer capacity. 

3 

Purchase Agreement 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, QFL agreed
to make available to us a financing facility of: (i) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that we intend
to monetize; (ii) up to 2,000,000 for operating expenses from which we may, at our discretion, draw up to 200,000 per calendar quarter;
and (iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return we transferred
to QFL the right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. After QFL has a negotiated rate
of return, we and QFL shall share net proceeds equally until QFL shall have achieved its Investment Return (as defined therein). Thereafter,
we shall retain 100 of all net proceeds. Except in an Event of Default, as defined therein, all payments by the Company to QFL pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement are non-recourse and shall be paid only if and after net proceeds from monetization of the patent rights owned
or acquire by the Company are received, or to be received. 

Events of Default include any breach of the Investment
Documents, including non-payment, material misrepresentation, security interest compromise, criminal indictment or felony conviction of
one or our officers or directors, our current chief executive no longer serving as our chief executive or as a director, the occurrence
of any Event of Default under the Restructure Agreement with Intelligent Partners, as defined therein, and our insolvency. In addition
to all rights and remedies available under law and the Investment Documents, upon and Event of Default, QFL may: (i) declare the Investment
Return immediately due and payable, (ii) except in the event of our insolvency, declare an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the
capital provided pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, plus a late charge, immediately due and payable, or (iii) cease making capital available
to us. 

Under the agreement, QFL may terminate capital
advances other than in an Event of Default by giving written notice to us in which case QFL s interest in Net Proceeds shall be
an amount equal to the greater of (i) the capital advanced to the Company plus interest at the prime rate, on the one hand, and (ii) Net
Proceeds received by the QFL prior to the date of such termination. 

Grant of Security Interests 

Pursuant to the Security Agreement and Subsidiary
Security Agreement, payment of the obligations of the Company under the Purchase Agreement with QFL are secured by (i) the Proceeds (as
defined in the Purchase Agreement); (ii) the Patents; (iii) all General Intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing;
(iv) Proceeds (including, without limitation, Cash Proceeds and insurance proceeds) and products of the foregoing and (v) the proceeds
realized by the relative patent portfolios of the Subsidiary Guarantors. The security interest in proceeds from the CXT and M-RED patents
granted to QFL is junior to the security interest held by the affiliates of Intellectual Ventures Management, LLC (collectively Intellectual
Ventures granted to secure the obligations of CXT and MRED pursuant to their patent purchase agreements relating to the purchase
of intellectual property from Intellectual Ventures. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement,
we filed a registration statement with the SEC covering 50,000,000 of the 96,246,246 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of
the Warrant. We are also required to file additional Registration Statements (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) on the
date 60 days after the date that we receive written notice from any Investor (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) that 60 
of the Registrable Securities held by all Investors registered under the immediately preceding registration statement have been sold.
The Registration Rights Agreement provides for us to pay damages in the event that we do not meet the required deadlines. 

Intercreditor Agreement 

In connection with the agreements with QFL and
the agreements with Intelligent Partners described below, we and our Subsidiaries entered into an intercreditor agreement with QFL and
Intelligent Partners which sets forth the priority of QFL in the collateral under the Investment Documents. 

4 

Summary of Agreements with Intelligent Partners 

Securities Purchase Agreement and Related Agreements
with United Wireless 

We, together with certain of our subsidiaries,
and United Wireless, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated October 22, 2015 (the SPA and related Transaction
Documents, as defined therein, pursuant to which the Company sold 50,000,000 shares (the Shares of our common stock, par
value 0.00003 per share (the Common Stock at 0.05 per share, or an aggregate of 250,000; we issued our 10 secured convertible
promissory notes due September 30, 2020 to United, and granted United an option (the 2015 Purchase Option to purchase up
to an additional 50,000,000 shares of Common Stock in three tranches at the prices as set forth therein. The 2015 Purchase Option expired
unexercised on September 30, 2020. The Shares are currently owned by Andrew C. Fitton Fitton and Michael Carper Carper and United Wireless subsequently transferred its note and assigned all of its remaining rights under the agreements to Intelligent Partners,
which is an affiliate of United Wireless and is owned by Fitton and Carper. Our agreements with United Wireless, also included various
monetization proceeds agreements, which we refer to as MPAs, pursuant to which we granted to Intelligent Partners, as the assignee of
United Wireless, rights to the monetization proceeds from revenue generated from certain of our intellectual property, a security agreement
and a registration rights agreement. 

At September 30, 2020, promissory notes in the
aggregate principal amount of 4,672,810 were outstanding. The notes became due by their terms on September 30, 2020, and we did not make
any payment on account of principal of and interest on the notes. As a result, Intelligent Partners had the right to declare a default
under the Notes, and, if Intelligent Partners had taken such action, it would have been necessary for us to seek protection under the
Bankruptcy Act. Subsequent to September 30, 2020, we engaged in negotiations with Intelligent Partners in parallel with our negotiations
with QFL, with a view to restructuring our obligations under the United Wireless agreements, including the Notes, so that we no longer
had any obligations under the Notes or the SPA. These negotiations resulted in the Restructure Agreement, described below, which provided
for the payment to Intelligent Partners of 1,750,000 from the proceeds from our agreements with QFL. We also made interest payments totaling
 117,780 between September 30, 2020 and February 22, 2021, the date we signed the Restructure Agreement with Intelligent Partners. One
of QFL s requirements to provide us with a funding facility was the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners so that
we no longer had any debt obligations to Intelligent Partners. Neither QFL nor any other financing source, would provide us with funding
while Intelligent Partners had a right to call a default under our notes to Intelligent Partners. As part of the restructure of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners, we amended the existing MPAs and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from
any new intellectual property we acquire, as describe below. Under these MPAs, Intelligent Partners participates in the monetization proceeds
we receive with respect to new patents after QFL has received its negotiated rate of return. 

On or prior to the date of the Restructure Agreement,
Intelligent Partners transferred to Fitton and Carper 250,000 of the Notes (the Transferred Note ), thereby reducing the
principal amount of the Notes held by Intelligent Partners to 4,422,810. 

On February 22, 2021, we and Intelligent Partners
agreed to extinguish the Note and Transferred Note, and terminate or amend and restate the SPA and Transaction Documents, pursuant to
a series of agreements including: a Restructure Agreement (the Restructure Agreement ), a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Stock
Purchase Agreement ), an Option Grant (the Option Grant ), an Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement (the Pledge
Agreement ), an Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), a Board Observation
Agreement (the Board Observation Agreement ), a MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement (the MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement ),
an Amended and Restated Patent Proceeds Security Agreement (the Patent Proceeds Security Agreement , an Amended and Restated
MPA-CP (the MPA-CP ), an Amended and Restated MPA-CXT (the MPA-CXT ), a MPA-MR (the MPA-MR ), a
MPA-AMI (the MPA-AMI, and together with the MPA-CP, MPA-CXT and MPA-MR, each a Restructure MPA and together the Restructure
MPAs) and a MPA-NA (the MPA-NA ). 

(i) 
 Pursuant to the Restructure Agreement, we paid Intelligent Partners 1,750,000 at closing, which we received from QFL and which QFL paid directly to Intelligent Partners, and recognized a further non-interest bearing total monetization proceeds obligation (the TMPO of 2,805,000, which shall, from and after the Restructure Date, be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis by (a) payments to Intelligent Partners pursuant to the restructure agreement, the Restructure MPAs and the MPA-NA and (b) any election by the Intelligent Partners to pay the Exercise Price of the Restructure Option, in whole or part, by means of a reduction in the then outstanding TMPO. Further details regarding the TMPO are provided under TMPO 

5 

(ii) 
 Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement, we issued to Fitton and Carper, as holders of the Transferred Note, a total of 46,296,296 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 0.0054 per share, which purchase price was paid by the conversion and in full satisfaction of the Transferred Note (the Conversion Shares ). 

(iii) 
 Pursuant to the Option Grant, we granted Intelligent Partners an option to purchase a total of 50,000,000 shares of common stock, with an exercise price of 0.0054 per share which vests immediately and may be exercised through February 9, 2026. 

(iv) 
 Pursuant to the restructured monetization proceeds agreement, Intelligent Partners has a right to receive 60 of the net monetization proceeds from the patents currently owned by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The agreement has no termination provisions, so Intelligent Partners will be entitled to its percentage interest as long as revenue is generated from the intellectual property covered by the agreement. 

(v) 
 Pursuant to the Subsidiary Security Agreement, our obligations under our agreements with Intelligent Partners, including its obligations under the Restructure Agreement and the Restructure MPAs are secured by a security interest in the net proceeds realized from the future monetization of the patents currently owned by the eight subsidiaries named above. 

(vi) 
 Pursuant to the MPA-NA-Security Interest Agreement, our obligations under the MPA-NA are secured by a security interest in net proceeds realized from the future monetization of new patents acquired until the TMPO is satisfied, provided Intelligent Partners secured interest shall be limited to its entitlement in Net Proceeds under the MPA-NA. After satisfaction of the TMPO the security interest in proceeds from new assets shall terminate. 

(vii) 
 We granted Intelligent Partners, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper certain registration rights with respect to (i) the 50,000,000 Shares currently owned by Fitton and Carper, which shares are included in the registration statement that we filed; (ii) the 46,296,296 Conversion Shares being issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Restructure Option; 

(viii) 
 Commencing six months from the closing date, if the shares owned by Intelligent Partners cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the Company being in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not in compliance with the current public information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to Intelligent Partners. 

(ix) 
 Pursuant to the Board Observation Rights Agreement, until the TMPO has been satisfied (the Observation Period ), we granted Intelligent Partners the option and right, exercisable at any time during the Observation Period, to appoint a representative to attend meetings of the Board or any committee thereof, including executive sessions, in an observer capacity. 

Events of Default include (i) a Change of Control
of the Company (ii) any uncured default on payment due to Intelligent Partners in an amount totaling in excess of 275,000, which is not
the subject of a Dispute or other formal dispute resolution proceeding initiated in good faith pursuant to this Agreement or other Restructure
Documents (iii) the filing of a voluntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code by Company or any of its material
subsidiaries, (iv) the filing of an involuntary petition for relief under the United States Bankruptcy Code against the Company, which
is not stayed or dismissed within sixty (60) days of such filing, except for an involuntary petition for relief filed solely by Intelligent
Partners, or any Affiliate or member of Intelligent Partners, or (v) acceleration of an obligation in excess of 1 million dollars to
another provider of financing following a final determination by arbitration or other judicial proceeding that such obligation is due
and owing. 

6 

Registration Rights Agreement 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement, we
granted Intelligent Partners, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper certain registration rights with respect to (i) the 50,000,000 Shares currently
owned by Fitton and Carper; (ii) the 46,296,296 Conversion Shares issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the 50,000,000 shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the Restructure Option. We filed the registration statement with the SEC covering the 50,000,000 Shares
owned by Fitton and Carper, and the registration statement was declared effective by the SEC. 

Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on our Business 

Although we do not manufacture or sell products,
the COVID-19 pandemic and the work shutdown imposed in the United States and other countries to limit the spread of the virus can have
a negative impact on our business. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated from litigation seeking damages
for infringement of our intellectual property rights. The work shutdown has affected the court system, and during much of 2020 and part
of 2021 courts operating on a reduced schedule, and some courts may still not be operating on a full in-person schedule and, even if operating
on a full schedule, have a backlog as a result of the pandemic. As a result, we believe patent infringement actions are treated as a lower
priority items in allocation of court resources with the effect that deadlines are likely to be postponed which delays may give defendants
an incentive to delay negotiations or offer a lower amount than they might otherwise accept. In addition, the effect of the COVID-19 and
the public response may adversely affect the financial condition and prospects of defendants and potential defendants, which would make
it less likely that they would be willing to settle our claim or which may result in a defendant or potential defendant reducing or discontinuing
its operations or taking advantage of the Bankruptcy Act. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the response to limit
the spread of the infection may affect the financial condition of financing sources and the willingness of potential financing sources
to provide funding for our litigation. In addition, these factors may affect a law firms ability and willingness to provide us
with legal services on a contingent or partial contingent. 

Further, to the extent that holders of intellectual
property rights see these factors impacting our ability to generate revenue from their intellectual property, they may be reluctant to
sell intellectual property to us on terms which are acceptable to us, if at all. 

Purchase of Intellectual Property from Intellectual
Ventures Entities 

On October 22, 2015, pursuant to an agreement
with an effective date of July 8, 2015, as amended, between us and Intellectual Ventures Assets 16, LLC IV16 ), we purchased
three groups of patents from IV16 for a purchase price of 3,000,000, which was paid in three annual installments of 1,000,000 from the
proceeds of our loans from United Wireless. The patent portfolios which we acquired from IV16 are the anchor structure portfolio, the
power management/bus control portfolio and the diode on chip portfolio, which are described under Business Our Intellectual
Property Portfolios. 

On January 26, 2018, Photonic Imaging Solutions
Inc. PIS ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 64 LLC IV 64 pursuant to which PIS advanced 10,000 to IV 64 at closing and IV 64 assigned to PIS all right, title, and interest in a portfolio of
eleven United States patents and sixteen foreign patents (the CMOS Portfolio ). Under the agreement, PIS will distribute
70 of the first 1,500,000 of revenue, as defined in the agreement, 30 of the next 1,500,000 of revenue and 50 of revenue over 3,000,000
to IV 64; with the 10,000 advance being treated as an advance against the first distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 64. PIS 
obligations under the monetization proceeds agreement are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise)
from the portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 64 is the CMOS portfolio which is described under Business 
Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. 

7 

On July 28, 2017, CXT, a wholly-owned subsidiary,
entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 34 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 37 LLC IV 34/37 pursuant
to which CTX paid IV 34/37 25,000 and IV34/37 transferred to CXT all right, title and interest in a portfolio of thirteen United States
patents (the CXT Portfolio ). Under the agreement, CXT will distribute 50 of net proceeds, as defined, to IV 34/37, as long
as we generate revenue from the CXT Portfolio. The 25,000 payment to IV 34/37 was made from a loan from United Wireless and was paid
by United Wireless directly to IV 34/37. The agreement with IV 34/37, as amended on January 26, 2018, provides that if, on December 31,
2018, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 total less than 100,000, 375,000 and 975,000, respectively,
CXT shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 34/37 within ten days after the applicable date.
The 25,000 advance is treated as an advance against distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 34/37. The useful lives of the patents,
at the date of acquisition, was 5-6 years. Neither we nor any affiliate of CXT has guaranteed the minimum payments. On December 31, 2021
the parties amended the agreement to provide that CXT will distribute 65 of net proceeds, as defined, to IV 34/37, as long as we generate
revenue from the CXT Portfolio and that if, on December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2019, cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 total less
than 100,000 and 375,000, respectively, CXT shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 34/37
within ten days after the applicable date. As of December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV 34/37 totaled 375,000. CXT s
obligations under the agreement with IV 34/37 are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise) from the
CXT Portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 34/37 is the CXT portfolio which is described under Business 
Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. 

On January 26, 2018, CXT entered into an agreement
with Intellectual Ventures Assets 62 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 71 LLC (IV 62/71 pursuant to which CXT advanced
IV 62/71 10,000 at closing and IV 62/71 assigned to CXT all right, title, and interest in a portfolio of sixteen United States patents
and three pending applications. Under the agreement, as amended on December 31, 2021, CXT will distribute 65 of net proceeds, as defined,
to IV 62/71, as long as we generate net proceeds from this portfolio. The initial 10,000 advance is treated as an advance toward our
future distributions of net proceeds payable to IV 62/71. CXT s obligations under the agreement are secured by a security interest
in the proceeds (from litigation or otherwise) from the CXT Portfolio. In March 2021, we made a payment to IV 62/71 in the amount of 64,238.
We agreed to modify the monetization proceeds agreement between CXT and United Wireless to include the patents acquired from IV 62/71.
The monetization proceeds amendment was further amended by the MPA-CXT Agreement in connection with the restructure of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners. 

On March 15, 2019, M-RED Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary, entered into an agreement with Intellectual Ventures Assets 113 LLC and Intellectual Ventures Assets 108 LLC IV 113/108 pursuant to which M-RED paid IV 113/108 75,000 and IV 113/108 transferred to M-RED all right, title and interest in a portfolio of sixty
United States patents and eight foreign patents (the M-RED Portfolio ). Under the agreement, M-RED will distribute 50 of
net proceeds, as defined, to IV 113/108, as long as we generate revenue from the M-RED Portfolio. The agreement with IV 113/108 provides
that if, on September 30, 2020, September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2022, cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 total less than 450,000,
 975,000 and 1,575,000, respectively, M-RED shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 113/108
within ten days after the applicable date. The 75,000 advance is treated as an advance against the first distributions of net proceeds
payable to IV 113/108. On September 30, 2020 cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 totaled less than 450,000 and M-RED did not pay the
difference to IV 113/108 within ten days. On December 31, 2021 the parties amended the agreement to provide that M-RED will distribute
100 of undistributed net proceeds, as defined, resulting from agreements signed prior to December 31, 2021 and 65 of net proceeds thereafter
to IV 113/108, as long as we generate revenue from the M-RED Portfolio and that if, on December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV
113/108 total less than 302,113.89, M-RED shall pay the difference between such cumulative amounts and the amount paid to IV 113/108
within ten days after the applicable date. As of December 31, 2021 cumulative distributions to IV 113/108 totaled 302,113.89. The useful
lives of the patents, at the date of acquisition, was approximately nine years. Neither we nor any affiliate of M-RED has guaranteed the
minimum payments. M-RED s obligations under the agreement with IV 113/108 are secured by a security interest in the proceeds (from
litigation or otherwise) from the M-RED Portfolio. The patent portfolio which we acquired from IV 113/108 is the M-RED portfolio which
is described under Business Our Intellectual Property Portfolios. Pursuant to the MPA-MR, Intelligent Partners is
entitled to receive 60 of the net proceeds as defined in the agreement. 

A default under the agreements with the Intellectual
Ventures affiliates could result in a default under our agreements with QFL, and, even if QFL does not declare a default, QFL may be reluctant
to finance our intellectual property acquisition if we are in default under any of our patent acquisition agreements with Intellectual
Venture affiliates. Further, it may be necessary for any defaulting subsidiary to seek protection under the Bankruptcy Act if we are not
able to enter into modification agreements with the Intellectual Ventures affiliates. 

Our Organization 

We were incorporated in Delaware on July 17, 1987
under the name Phase Out of America. On September 21, 1997, we changed our name to Quest Products Corporation, and, on June 6, 2007, we
changed our name to Quest Patent Research Corporation. We have been engaged in the intellectual property monetization business since 2008.
Our executive principal office is located at 411 Theodore Fremd Ave., Suite 206S, Rye, New York 10580-1411, telephone (888) 743-7577.
Our website is www.qprc.com. Information contained on or derived from our website or any other website does not constitute a part of this
annual report. 

8 

Our Intellectual Property Portfolios 

Mobile Data 

The real-time mobile data portfolio relates to
the automatic update of information delivered to a mobile device without the need for a manual refreshing. The portfolio is comprised
of U.S. Patent No. 7,194,468 Apparatus and Method for Supplying Information and all related patents, patent applications,
and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, extensions, renewals, reissues and re-examinations relating to all inventions
thereof (the Mobile Data Portfolio ). 

Through December 31, 2021, we did not receive
any proceeds from the Mobile Data Portfolio. 

Flexible Packaging - Turtle Pak TM 

In March 2008, we entered into an agreement with
Emerging Technologies Trust whereby our majority-owned subsidiary, Quest Packaging Solutions Corporation, acquired the exclusive license
to make, use, sell, offer for sale or sublicense the intellectual property of Emerging Technologies Trust (the Turtle Pak 
Portfolio ). The Turtle Pak portfolio relates to a cost effective, high-protection packaging system recommended for fragile items
weighing less than ten pounds. The intellectual property consists of two U.S. patents, U.S. Patent No. RE36,412 and U.S. Patent No.6,490,844,
and the Turtle Pak TM trademark. Turtle Pak brand packaging is suited for such uses as electrical and electronic components,
medical, dental, and diagnostic equipment, instrumentation products, and control components. Turtle Pak brand packaging materials
are 100 curbside recyclable. 

As the exclusive licensee and manager of the manufacture
and sale of licensed product, we coordinate the manufacture and sale of licensed products to end users; we contract for the manufacture
and assembly of the product components, and we coordinate order receipt, fulfillment and invoicing. We did not generate revenues from
the TurtlePak TM product for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Universal Financial Data System 

The invention describes a universal financial
data system which allows its holder to use the device to access one or more accounts stored in the memory of the device as a cash payment
substitute as well as to keep track of financial and transaction records and data, such as transaction receipts, in a highly portable
package, such as a cellular device (the Financial Data Portfolio ). The inventive universal data system is capable of supporting
multiple accounts of various types, including but not limited to credit card accounts, checking/debit accounts, and loyalty accounts.
Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Wynn Technologies Inc., acquired US Patent No. 5,859,419, from the owner, Sol Wynn. In January 2001, we filed
a reissue application for the patent, and the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued patent RE38,137. This reissued patent,
which contains 35 separate claims, replaces the original patent, which had seven claims. In February 2011, we entered into a new agreement
with Sol Li (formerly Sol Wynn), pursuant to which we issued to Mr. Li a 35 interest in Wynn Technologies and warrants to purchase up
to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.001 per share. These warrants expired unexercised. We also agreed that
Mr. Li would receive 40 of the net licensing revenues generated by Wynn Technologies with respect to this patent, which is the only patent
owned by Wynn Technologies. On December 17, 2018, Wynn Technologies, Inc. granted an exclusive license to the Financial Data Portfolio,
including the right to enforce, to our wholly owned subsidiary, Quest NetTech. Under the agreement, Quest NetTech receives 100 of the
net proceeds, as defined by the agreement. On April 11, 2019 Quest NetTech Corporation merged with Wynn Technologies, Inc. with Quest
NetTech Corporation being the surviving entity with Mr. Li having a 35 interest. On April 12, 2019, Quest NetTech brought a patent infringement
suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Apple, Inc. The case was dismissed in May 2020. 

We did not generate revenue from the Financial
Data Portfolio in 2021. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes revenue from the Financial Data Portfolio. 

9 

Rich Media 

The rich media portfolio is directed to methods,
systems, and processes that permit typical Internet users to design rich-media production content i.e. , rich-media applications),
such as websites. The portfolio consists of U.S. Patent No. 7,000,180, Methods, Systems, and Processes for the Design and Creation
of Rich Media Applications via the Internet and all related patents, patent applications, corresponding foreign patents and foreign
patent applications and foreign counterparts, and all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, extensions, renewals, reissues
and re-examinations relating to all inventions thereof (the Rich Media Portfolio ). In July 2008, we entered into a consulting
and licensing program management agreement with Balthaser Online, Inc., the patent owner, pursuant to which we performed services related
to the establishment and management of a licensing program to evaluate and analyze the relevant market and to obtain licenses for the
Rich Media Portfolio in exchange for management fees as well as an irrevocable entitlement to a distribution of 15 of all proceeds generated
by the Rich Media Portfolio for the remaining life of the portfolio regardless of whether those proceeds are derived from litigation,
settlement, licensing or otherwise. Our 15 distribution right is subject to reduction to 7.5 in the event that we refuse or are unable
to perform the services detailed in the agreement. 

Through December 31, 2021, we did not generate
any revenue from the rich media patents. 

Anchor Structure Portfolio 

This portfolio, which we acquired from IV16 in
October 2015 and transferred to our subsidiary, Mariner IC Inc., consists of two United States patents which relate to technology for
incorporating metal structures in the corners and edges of semiconductor dies to prevent cracking from stresses. 

In March 2016, we entered into a funding agreement
whereby a third party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to implement a structured licensing program, including litigation if
necessary, for the Anchor Structure Portfolio and engaged counsel on a partial contingency basis in connection with a proposed patent
infringement action relating to the Anchor Structure Portfolio. Under the funding agreement, the third party received an interest in the
proceeds from the settlements relating to this portfolio in 2019. The funding agreement was terminated in 2021. 

We did not generate license fees from the Anchor
Structure Portfolio in 2021 or 2020 and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to monetization of the Anchor Structure Portfolio. 

Power Management/Bus Control Portfolio 

This portfolio, which is the second portfolio
which we acquired from IV16 and transferred to a newly-formed subsidiary, Semcon IP Inc., consists of four United States patents that
cover fundamental technology for adjusting the processor clock and voltage to save power based on the operating characteristics of the
processor and one United States patent that relates to coordinating direct bus communications between subsystems in an assigned channel. 

In March 2016, we entered into a funding agreement
whereby a third party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to implement a structured licensing program, including litigation if
necessary, for the Power Management/Bus Control Portfolio and engaged counsel on a partial contingency basis in connection with a proposed
patent infringement action relating to the Power Management/Bus Control. Under the funding agreement, the third party received an interest
in the proceeds from the program. The funding agreement was terminated in 2022. 

Following the execution of the funding agreement
and partial contingency agreement with counsel, in April 2016, Semcon IP Inc. brought patent infringement suits in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Huawei Technologies, MediaTek Inc., STMicroelectronics Inc., Texas Instruments Incorporated
and ZTE Corporation. As of December 31, 2018, these actions had been settled and dismissed. 

10 

In May 2018, Semcon brought patent infringement
actions in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against AsusTeK Computer Inc., TCT Mobile International
Limited et. al., LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, SE, and Shenzhen OnePlus Science Technology Co., Ltd. 

The AsusTeK Computer Inc., TCT Mobile International
Limited et. al., LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, SE, and Shenzhen OnePlus Science Technology Co., Ltd., actions were settled in
2020 and our revenue for 2020 includes revenue from these settlements. We did not generate revenue from the Power Management/Bus Control
Portfolio in 2021 and we do not anticipate allocating further resources to its monetization. 

Diode on Chip Portfolio 

This portfolio, which is the third portfolio which
we acquired from IV16 and transferred to a newly-formed subsidiary, IC Kinetics Inc., consists of three United States patents and one
pending continuation application which cover technology relating to on-chip temperature measurement for semiconductors. As of December
31, 2021, we did not generate any revenue from this portfolio. 

CXT Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of thirty United States
patents which cover technology relating to systems and methods of operating an accessible information database which provides for inventory
evaluation, filtering according to preferences, alternative product recommendations, and access to a database of consumer feedback/evaluation. 

In April 2018 CXT brought a patent infringement
suit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Academy Ltd., In May 2018 CXT brought patent infringement
suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Conn s, Inc., Fossil Group, Inc., JC Penney
Company, Inc., and Tailored Brands, Inc. In May 2019, CXT brought patent infringement actions in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of Texas against Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc., Hallmark.com, LLC, Retail Concepts, Inc. and CC Filson Co. In August
2019, CXT brought patent infringement suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Neiman Marcus
Group Ltd., General Nutrition Corporation and Steve Madden, Ltd. 

In March 2021 CXT brought patent infringement
suits in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas against Advanced Auto Parts, Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation,
The Sherwin-Williams Company, V.F. Corporation and IKEA North America Services, LLC. In July 2021, HCL Technologies Limited HCL ),
as the world supplier of WebSphere Commerce products and citing CXT s patent infringement suits against users of HCL s
WebSphere Commerce products, brought an action in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas seeking a declaratory
judgment that HCL s WebSphere Commerce products do not infringe CXT s patents and that CXT s patents are invalid. 

The actions against Conn s, Inc., Academy
Ltd., Fossil Group, Inc., JC Penney Company, Inc., Tailored Brands, Inc., Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc., Hallmark, Retail Concepts, CC
Filson, General Nutrition, Steve Madden, Ltd. and Neiman Marcus Group Ltd. were resolved in 2020 and revenue for 2020 includes revenue
from any related settlements. 

In 2021, the HCL matter was settled and dismissed
by mutual agreement pursuant to which HCL took a license to the CXT Portfolio and the actions against Advanced Auto Parts, Inc., Costco
Wholesale Corporation, The Sherwin-Williams Company, V.F. Corporation and IKEA North America Services, LLC were resolved. Revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2021 includes revenue from the resolution of these matters. 

CMOS Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of eleven United States
patents and sixteen foreign patents which cover technology relating to digital image sensor technology systems and methods which PIS acquired
on January 26, 2018. 

We did not generate revenue from the CMOS Portfolio
in 2021 or 2020. 

11 

M-RED Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of sixty United States
patents and eight foreign patents which cover technology relating to processor and power management which M-RED acquired on March 15,
2019. 

On April 29, 2019, M-RED brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against MediaTek Inc. and Acer Inc. On July 16, 2019, M-Red Inc. brought
a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Panasonic Corporation. As of December 31, 2020,
all actions were settled and dismissed and revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 incudes revenue from settlements. 

In March 2021, M-RED brought patent infringement suits in the U.S.
District for the Eastern District of Texas against Nintendo Co., Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corporation and Xiaomi Corporation et. al.
In April 2021, the case against Nintendo Co., Ltd. was dismissed without prejudice. In August 2021, M-Red Inc. brought a patent infringement
suit in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against OnePlus Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. In September 2021, M-RED Inc.
brought patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ASRock Inc., Biostar Microtech International
Corp., Giga-Byte Technology Co., Ltd. and Micro-Star International Co. Ltd. As of December 31, 2021 the action against Giga-Byte Technology
Co., Ltd. has been stayed pending settlement. 

The actions against Mitsubishi Electric Corporation,
ASRock Inc., and Micro-Star International Co. Ltd. were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes
revenue from any related settlements. 

Audio Messaging Portfolio 

This portfolio consists of five issued United
States patents and one pending application which generally relate to systems and methods for associating an audio clip with an object
which our wholly-owned subsidiary, Audio Messaging Inc. AMI ), acquired in May of 2020. Pursuant to an unsecured non-recourse
funding agreement, a third-party agreed to provide acquisition funding in the amount of 95,000 for the acquisition. Under the funding
agreement, the third party funder is entitled to a priority return of funds advanced from net proceeds, as defined, recovered until the
funder has received 190,000. The Company has no other obligation to the third party and has no liability to the funder in the event that
the Company does not generate net proceeds. 

On October 8, 2021, AMI brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ZTE Corporation, Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp.,
Ltd. and Beijing Xiaomi Software Co., Ltd. 

Peregrin Portfolio 

Acquired in February 2021 by our wholly owned
subsidiary, Peregrin Licensing LLC PLL ), this portfolio consists of eight issued United States patents which generally
relate to systems and methods for processing inbound and outbound communications, such as, for example, determining the location of a
caller and routing the inbound communication to an entity in the caller s location (the Peregrin Portfolio ). PLL acquired
the portfolio pursuant to an agreement with Peter K. Trzyna PKT whereby PKT assigned us all right, title, and interest
in a portfolio of eight United States patents, we paid PKT 350,000 at closing and agreed that upon the realization of gross proceeds
from the Peregrin Portfolio we shall make subsequent installment payment or payments in the aggregate amount of 93,900. Thereafter, PKT
is entitled to a percentage of any gross proceeds realized. 

In July 2021, PLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Bank of America Corporation, Discover Financial Services, U.S. Bank
N.A. and Wells Fargo Co. All actions were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes revenue
from any related settlements. 

12 

Taasera Portfolio 

Acquired by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Taasera
Licensing LLC TLL ), this portfolio consists of 29 United States patents and 2 foreign patents which generally relate to
the field of network security (the Taasera Portfolio ). In June 2021 seven patents were acquired via assignment from Taasera,
Inc. for the purchase price of 250,000. In August 2021 acquired a portfolio of network security patents from Daedalus Blue LLC DBL consisting of 22 United States patents and 2 foreign patents. Original assignees of the patents acquired from DBL include International
Business Machines Corporation, Internet Security Systems, Inc. and Fiberlink Communications Corporation Fiberlink ). ISS
and Fiberlink were acquired by IBM in 2006 and 2013, respectively. In September 2019, IBM divested over 500 United States patent assets,
as well as a number of foreign counterparts in Asia, Europe, and elsewhere, to Daedalus Group, and affiliate of DBL. Pursuant to the acquisition
agreement, DBL is entitled to a portion of the net proceeds from monetization of the TLL portfolio. 

In November 2021, TLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Trend Micro Incorporated. In February 2022, TLL brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Checkpoint Software Technologies Ltd. and Palo Alto Networks, Inc. 

Soundstreak Portfolio 

Acquired through our acquisition of all of the
issued and outstanding equity interests of Soundstreak Texas LLC STX in August 2021 for a purchase price consisting of
50 of the net proceeds resulting from monetization of the patent portfolio, this patent portfolio consists of three United States patents
and one pending patent application which generally relate to streaming data (including audio or video) while also storing higher quality
versions of the same data locally. The patented technology has applications in the professional recording industry, digital audio/video
industries, the drone/remote capture industry, the teleconferencing industry, and more. 

In August 2021, STX brought a patent infringement suit in the U.S.
District for the Eastern District of Texas against Yamaha Corporation and Steinberg Media Technologies GMBH. In September 2021, STX brought
patent infringement suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Sony Group Corporation, Panasonic Corporation,
Olympus Corporation and Nikon Corporation. 

The actions against Sony Group Corporation, Panasonic
Corporation, Olympus Corporation and Nikon Corporation were resolved in 2021 and our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes
revenue from any related settlements. 

In March 2022, STX brought a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District
for the Eastern District of Texas against Parrot SA, Delair SAS, Drone Volt, SA, EHang Holdings Limited and Flyability SA. 

Multimodal Media Portfolio 

Acquired by the our wholly owned subsidiary, Multimodal
Media LLC MML in October 2021, the Multimodal Media portfolio consists of ten United States patents and one pending application
which generally relate to systems and methods of recording and sending interactive messages and voice messages using mobile devices, as
well as completing a communication after an incomplete call (the Multimodal Media Portfolio ). MML advanced 550,000 at closing
pursuant to an agreement with Aawaaz Inc. AI ). Under the agreement, MML retains an amount equal to the purchase price plus
any fees incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, after which AI is entitled to a percentage of further net proceeds
realized, if any. 

The Multimodal Media Portfolio was originally
developed by Kirusa, Inc., a communications software development company founded in 2001 by Inderpal Mumick together with other technocrats
with a dream of connecting people through the power of voice. Heralded by the invention of Voice SMS, Kirusa, Inc. was born with a vision
to revolutionize the experiences users derived from their mobile phones. 

In November 2021, MML brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against ZTE Corporation and Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp.,
Ltd. 

LS Cloud Storage Portfolio 

We acquired this portfolio through our acquisition
of all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of LS Cloud Storage Technologies LLC LSC in November 2021, the LS
Cloud Portfolio consists of four United States patents which generally relate to data sharing using distributed cache. 

In March 2022, LSC brought patent infringement
suits in the U.S. District for the Eastern District of Texas against Microsoft Corporation, Google LLC, Cisco Systems, Inc. and Amazon.com,
Inc. et.al. 

13 

Competition 

We encounter and expect to continue to encounter
competition in the areas of intellectual property acquisitions for the sake of licensure from both private and publicly traded companies
that engage in intellectual property monetization activities. Such competitors and potential competitors include companies seeking to
acquire the same intellectual property assets and intellectual property rights that we may seek to acquire. Entities such as Acacia Research
Corporation, Document Security Systems, Inc., Intellectual Ventures, Quarterhill Inc., Conversant Intellectual Property Management Inc.,
VirnetX Holding Corporation, Network-1 Security Solutions, Interdigital, Inc., IPValue Management Inc., Pendrell Corporation, Inventergy
Global, Inc., Netlist Inc., Parkervision Inc., Walker Innovation, Inc., Daedalus Group LLC and others derive all or a substantial portion
of their revenue from intellectual property monetization activities, and we expect more entities to enter the market. Most of our competitors
have longer operating histories and significantly greater financial resources and personnel than we have. 

We also compete with venture capital firms, strategic
corporate buyers and various industry leaders for intellectual property and technology acquisitions and licensing opportunities. Many
of these competitors have more financial and human resources than our company. In seeking to obtain intellectual property assets or intellectual
property rights, we seek to both demonstrate our understanding of the intellectual property that we are seeking to acquire or license
and our ability to monetize their intellectual property rights. Our weak cash position and history of losses, together with our low stock
price, may impair our ability to negotiate successfully with the intellectual property owners. 

Other companies may develop competing technologies
that offer better or less expensive alternatives to intellectual property rights that we may acquire and/or license. Many potential competitors
may have significantly greater resources than we do. The development of technological advances or entirely different approaches could
render certain of the technologies owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries obsolete and/or uneconomical. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We have fifteen intellectual property portfolios:
financial data, mobile data, Turtle Pak, anchor structure, power management/bus control, diode on chip, rich media, CXT, CMOS, M-RED,
Audio Messaging, Peregrin, Taasera, Soundstreak, Multmodal Media and LS Cloud. The following table sets forth information concerning our
patents and other intellectual property. Each patent or other intellectual property right listed in the table below that has been granted
is publicly accessible on the Internet website of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office at www.uspto.gov. In the table below, the
anchor structure portfolio is referred to as Mariner, the power management/bus control portfolio is referred to as Semcom, the diode on
chip portfolio is referred to as IC, the Audio Messaging portfolio is referred to as AMI, the Peregrin portfolio is referred to as PLL,
the Taasera portfolio is referred to as TLL, the Soundstreak portfolio is referred to as STX, the Multimodal Media portfolio is referred
to as MML and the LS Cloud portfolio is referred to as LSC. 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Financial Data 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE38,137 
 
 Programmable multiple company credit card system 
 
 1/11/2001 
 
 6/10/2003 
 
 9/28/2015 
 
 Mobile Data 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,194,468 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 4/13/2000 
 
 3/20/2007 
 
 4/13/2020 
 
 Mobile Data 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,288,605 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 11/12/2009 
 
 3/15/2016 
 
 4/13/2020 
 
 Mobile Data 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,913,068 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 3/15/2013 
 
 3/6/2018 
 
 7/20/2021 
 
 Mobile Data 
 
 US Application 
 
 15/877,820 
 
 Apparatus and method for supplying information 
 
 1/23/2018 
 
 5/31/2018 
 
 N/A 
 
 Turtle Pak 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,490,844 
 
 Film wrap packaging apparatus and method 
 
 6/21/2001 
 
 12/10/2002 
 
 7/10/2021 
 
 Turtle Pak 
 
 US Trademark 
 
 74709827 
 
 Turtle pak - design plus words, letters, and/or numbers 
 
 8/1/1995 
 
 6/4/1996 
 
 N/A 
 
 Mariner 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,650,666 
 
 Method and apparatus for preventing cracks in semiconductor die 
 
 11/22/1995 
 
 7/22/1997 
 
 11/22/2015 
 
 Mariner 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,846,874 
 
 Method and apparatus for preventing cracks in semiconductor die 
 
 2/28/1997 
 
 12/8/1998 
 
 11/22/2015 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,100,061 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 1/18/2000 
 
 8/29/2006 
 
 1/18/2020 

14 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,596,708 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 4/25/2006 
 
 9/29/2009 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,566,627 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 7/14/2009 
 
 10/22/2013 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,806,247 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 12/21/2012 
 
 8/12/2014 
 
 1/18/2020 
 
 Semcon 
 
 PCT Application 
 
 PCT/US2001/001684 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 1/16/2001 
 
 7/26/2001 
 
 N/A 
 
 Semcon 
 
 Reexam Certificate 
 
 7,100,061C1 
 
 Adaptive power control 
 
 6/13/2007 
 
 8/4/2009 
 
 N/A 
 
 Semcon 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,978,876 
 
 System and method for controlling communications between subsystems 
 
 4/14/1997 
 
 11/2/1999 
 
 4/14/2017 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,118,273 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 4/10/2003 
 
 10/10/2006 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,108,420 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 10/7/2004 
 
 9/19/2006 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,222,843 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 9/23/2011 
 
 12/29/2015 
 
 4/10/2023 
 
 IC 
 
 US Application 
 
 16/537,200 
 
 System for on-chip temperature measurement in integrated circuits 
 
 8/9/2019 
 
 11/28/2019 
 
 N/A 
 
 Rich Media 
 
 Patent Proceeds Interest 
 
 7,000,180 
 
 Methods, systems, and processes for the design and creation of rich media applications via the internet 
 
 02/09/2001 
 
 02/14/2006 
 
 10/16/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,103,568 
 
 Online product exchange system 
 
 2/23/2004 
 
 9/5/2006 
 
 8/8/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,933,806 
 
 Online product exchange system with price-sorted matching products 
 
 9/11/2006 
 
 4/26/2011 
 
 8/8/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,024,226 
 
 Product exchange system 
 
 11/6/2006 
 
 4/26/2011 
 
 8/8/2015 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,983,220 
 
 Suppporting intuitive decision in complex multi-attributive domains using fuzzy, hierarchial expert models 
 
 11/14/1996 
 
 11/9/1999 
 
 11/14/2016 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,463,431 
 
 Database evaluation system suppporting intuitive decision in complex multi-attributive domains using fuzzy, hierarchial expert models 
 
 6/25/1999 
 
 10/8/2002 
 
 11/14/2016 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 5,940,807 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 5/28/1997 
 
 8/17/1999 
 
 5/23/17 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,081,789 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 1/8/1999 
 
 6/27/2000 
 
 5/23/17 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,601,043 
 
 Automated and independently accessible inventory information exchange system 
 
 6/26/2000 
 
 7/29/2003 
 
 5/23/17 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,011,537 
 
 System for delivering and simultaneously displaying primary and secondary information, and for displaying only the secondary information during interstitial space 
 
 1/27/1998 
 
 1/4/2000 
 
 1/27/2018 

15 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,133,835 
 
 Online exchange market system with a buyer auction and a seller auction 
 
 10/30/1995 
 
 11/7/2006 
 
 5/27/2018 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,412,012 
 
 System, method, and article of manufacture for making a compatibility aware recommendation to a user 
 
 12/23/1998 
 
 6/25/2002 
 
 12/23/2018 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,493,703 
 
 System and method for implementing intelligent online community message board 
 
 5/11/1999 
 
 12/10/2002 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,571,234 
 
 System and method for managing online message board 
 
 5/11/1999 
 
 5/27/2003 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,721,748 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 5/13/2002 
 
 4/13/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,778,982 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 2/20/2003 
 
 8/17/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,804,675 
 
 Online content provider system and method 
 
 3/17/2003 
 
 10/12/2004 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,159,011 
 
 System and method for managing an online messaging board 
 
 8/16/2004 
 
 1/2/2007 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,162,471 
 
 Content query system and method 
 
 8/16/2004 
 
 1/9/2007 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE43,835 
 
 Online content tabulating system and method 
 
 2/22/2007 
 
 11/27/2012 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE45,661 
 
 Online content tabulating system and method 
 
 11/20/2012 
 
 9/1/2015 
 
 5/11/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,065,494 
 
 Electronic customer service and rating system and method 
 
 6/25/1999 
 
 6/20/2006 
 
 6/25/2019 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,340,411 
 
 System and method for generating, capturing, and managing customer lead information over a computer network 
 
 10/20/2003 
 
 3/4/2008 
 
 8/2/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,260,806 
 
 Storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 6/29/2007 
 
 9/4/2012 
 
 10/17/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,487,130 
 
 Consumer-controlled limited and constrained access to a centrally stored information account 
 
 1/6/2006 
 
 2/3/2009 
 
 11/7/2021 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,016,877 
 
 Consumer-controlled limited and constrained access to a centrally stored information account 
 
 11/7/2001 
 
 3/21/2006 
 
 2/22/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,257,581 
 
 Storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 8/6/2001 
 
 8/14/2007 
 
 6/2/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,467,141 
 
 Branding and revenue sharing models for facilitating storage, management and distribution of consumer information 
 
 8/20/2001 
 
 12/16/2008 
 
 8/11/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,016,875 
 
 Single sign-on for access to a central data repository 
 
 10/9/2001 
 
 3/21/2006 
 
 8/19/2023 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,566,248 
 
 Initiation of an information transaction over a network via a wireless device 
 
 11/20/2001 
 
 10/22/2013 
 
 6/17/2026 

16 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CXT 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,928,508 
 
 Single sign-on for access to a central data repository 
 
 1/6/2006 
 
 3/27/18 
 
 5/22/2027 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,624,404 
 
 CMOS image sensor having enhanced photosensitivity and method for fabricating the same 
 
 11/26/2001 
 
 9/23/2003 
 
 12/30/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0303774 
 
 Method for fabricating cmos image sensor 
 
 12/30/1998 
 
 7/13/2001 
 
 12/30/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,348,361 
 
 CMOS image sensor having enhanced photosensitivity and method for fabricating the same 
 
 12/30/1999 
 
 2/19/2002 
 
 12/30/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,184,055 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode and method for fabricating the same 
 
 2/26/1999 
 
 2/6/2001 
 
 2/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Chinese Patent 
 
 CNZL99105588.8 
 
 Complementary mos image sensor and making method thereof 
 
 2/28/1999 
 
 10/13/2004 
 
 2/27/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Chinese Patent 
 
 CNZL200310104488.4 
 
 Image sensing device and its manufacturing method 
 
 2/28/1999 
 
 3/26/2008 
 
 2/27/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 German Patent 
 
 DE19908457.2 
 
 Photodiode used in cmos image sensing device 
 
 2/26/1999 
 
 11/28/2013 
 
 2/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2775541 
 
 Photodiode for use in a cmos image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 3/1/1999 
 
 8/2/2002 
 
 3/1/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2779870 
 
 Photodiodes for image sensors 
 
 3/1/1999 
 
 5/13/2005 
 
 3/1/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 United Kingdom Patent 
 
 GB2334817 
 
 Photodiode for use in a cmos image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 3/1/1999 
 
 7/1/2003 
 
 3/1/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 United Kingdom Patent 
 
 GB2383900 
 
 CMOS image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 3/1/1999 
 
 8/20/2003 
 
 3/1/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4390896 
 
 CMOS image sensor and manufacture thereof 
 
 3/1/1999 
 
 10/16/2009 
 
 3/1/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0278285 
 
 CMOS image sensor and manufacturing method thereof 
 
 2/24/1999 
 
 10/18/2000 
 
 2/24/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Taiwanese Patent 
 
 TWI141677 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode 
 
 3/22/1999 
 
 10/1/2001 
 
 3/21/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,180,969 
 
 CMOS image sensor with equivalent potential diode 
 
 2/26/1999 
 
 1/30/2001 
 
 2/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,563,187 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated together with memory device 
 
 6/29/1999 
 
 5/13/2003 
 
 6/29/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,949,388 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated together with memory device 
 
 5/12/2003 
 
 9/27/2005 
 
 11/9/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0464955 
 
 CMOS image sensor integrated with memory device 
 
 6/29/1998 
 
 12/24/2004 
 
 6/29/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,627,929 
 
 Solid state ccd image sensor having a light shielding layer 
 
 6/13/2001 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 10/13/2018 

17 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0263473 
 
 Solid state image device and fabrication method thereof 
 
 2/16/1998 
 
 5/17/2000 
 
 2/16/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,300,157 
 
 Solid state image sensor and method for fabricating the same 
 
 10/13/1998 
 
 10/9/2001 
 
 10/13/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,113,203 
 
 Method and system for single-chip camera 
 
 5/7/2002 
 
 9/26/2006 
 
 5/13/2022 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,706,550 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 10/16/2002 
 
 3/16/2004 
 
 2/26/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4139931 
 
 Pinned photodiode of image sensor, and its manufacture 
 
 6/28/1999 
 
 6/20/2008 
 
 6/28/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0275123 
 
 Pinned photodiode of image sensor and manufacturing method thereof 
 
 6/29/1998 
 
 9/19/2000 
 
 6/29/2018 
 
 CMOS 
 
 Taiwanese Patent 
 
 TWI133257 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 6/30/1999 
 
 5/28/2001 
 
 6/29/2019 
 
 CMOS 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,489,643 
 
 Photodiode having a plurality of PN junctions and image sensor having the same 
 
 6/28/1999 
 
 12/3/2002 
 
 6/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,853,259 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 8/15/2001 
 
 2/8/2005 
 
 8/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,068,557 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 1/25/2005 
 
 6/27/2006 
 
 8/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,209,401 
 
 Ring oscillator dynamic adjustments for auto calibration 
 
 5/2/2006 
 
 4/24/2007 
 
 8/15/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,221,682 
 
 Method and apparatus for evaluating a known good die using both wire bond and flip-chip interconnects 
 
 5/28/1999 
 
 4/24/2001 
 
 5/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE43,607 
 
 Method and apparatus for evaluating a known good die using both wire bond and flip-chip interconnects 
 
 5/31/2007 
 
 8/28/2012 
 
 12/31/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,177,843 
 
 Oscillator circuit controlled by programmable logic 
 
 5/26/1999 
 
 1/23/2001 
 
 5/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,628,171 
 
 Method, architecture and circuit for controlling and/or operating an oscillator 
 
 1/23/2001 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 5/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,831,690 
 
 Electrical sensing apparatus and method utilizing an array of transducer elements 
 
 12/7/1999 
 
 12/14/2004 
 
 12/7/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,511,754 
 
 Electrical sensing apparatus and method utilizing an array of transducer elements 
 
 10/26/2004 
 
 3/31/2009 
 
 2/7/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,498,399 
 
 Low dielectric-constant dielectric for etchstop in dual damascene backend of integrated circuits 
 
 9/8/1999 
 
 12/24/2002 
 
 9/8/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,744,311 
 
 Switching amplifier with voltage-multiplying output stage 
 
 4/23/2002 
 
 6/1/2004 
 
 4/23/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,646,465 
 
 Programmable Logic Device Including Bi-Directional Shift Register 
 
 2/7/2002 
 
 11/11/2003 
 
 2/7/2022 

18 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,721,310 
 
 Multiport non-blocking high capacity atm and packet switch 
 
 11/2/2001 
 
 4/13/2004 
 
 11/2/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,456,183 
 
 Inductor for Integrated Circuit 
 
 2/24/2000 
 
 9/24/2002 
 
 2/24/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,838,970 
 
 Inductor for Integrated Circuit 
 
 7/26/2002 
 
 1/4/2005 
 
 9/30/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,459,135 
 
 Monolithic Integrated Circuit Incorporating An Inductive Component And Process For Fabricating Such An Integrated Circuit 
 
 3/15/2000 
 
 10/1/2002 
 
 3/15/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,388,322 
 
 Article comprising a mechanically compliant bump 
 
 1/17/2001 
 
 5/14/2002 
 
 1/17/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,458,411 
 
 Method of making a mechanically compliant bump 
 
 10/5/2001 
 
 10/1/2002 
 
 1/17/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,506,648 
 
 Method of fabricating a high power RF field effect transistor with reduced hot electron injection and resulting structure 
 
 9/2/1998 
 
 1/14/2003 
 
 6/27/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,735,422 
 
 Calibrated DC compensation system for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 10/2/2000 
 
 5/11/2004 
 
 10/2/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,674,998 
 
 System and method for detecting and correcting phase error between differential signals 
 
 12/21/2000 
 
 1/6/2004 
 
 10/2/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,891,440 
 
 Quadrature oscillator with phase error correction 
 
 12/21/2000 
 
 1/6/2004 
 
 8/8/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,763,228 
 
 Precision automatic gain control circuit 
 
 12/21/2001 
 
 7/13/2004 
 
 10/3/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,748,200 
 
 Automatic gain control system and method for a ZIF architecture 
 
 4/4/2003 
 
 6/8/2004 
 
 10/2/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 RE42,799 
 
 Packet acquisition and channel tracking for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 6/27/2008 
 
 10/4/2011 
 
 1/22/2023 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,560,448 
 
 DC compensation system for a wireless communication device configured in a zero intermediate frequency architecture 
 
 10/2/2000 
 
 5/6/2003 
 
 8/29/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,448,910 
 
 Method and apparatus for convolution encoding and viterbi decoding of data that utilize a configurable processor to configure a plurality of re-configurable processing elements 
 
 3/26/2001 
 
 9/10/2002 
 
 3/26/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,127,588 
 
 Apparatus and method for an improved performance VLIW processor 
 
 12/5/2000 
 
 10/24/2006 
 
 3/17/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,757,752 
 
 Micro Controller Development System 
 
 1/14/2002 
 
 6/29/2004 
 
 1/14/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,509,646 
 
 Apparatus For Reducing An Electrical Noise Inside A Ball Grid Array Package 
 
 5/22/2000 
 
 1/21/2003 
 
 5/22/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,365,970 
 
 Bond Pad Structure And Its Method Of Fabricating 
 
 12/10/1999 
 
 4/2/2002 
 
 12/10/2019 

19 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,912,601 
 
 Method of programming PLDs using a wireless link 
 
 6/28/2000 
 
 6/28/2005 
 
 5/11/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,496,054 
 
 Control signal generator for an overvoltage-tolerant interface circuit on a low voltage process 
 
 5/9/2001 
 
 12/17/2002 
 
 5/9/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,194,279 
 
 Fabrication method for gate spacer 
 
 6/28/1999 
 
 2/27/2001 
 
 6/28/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,281,554 
 
 Electrostatic discharge protection circuit 
 
 3/20/2000 
 
 8/28/2001 
 
 3/20/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,657,263 
 
 MOS transistors having dual gates and self-aligned interconnect contact windows 
 
 6/28/2001 
 
 12/2/2003 
 
 3/24/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,461,908 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 4/10/2001 
 
 10/8/2002 
 
 4/10/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,737,995 
 
 Clock and data recovery with a feedback loop to adjust the slice level of an input sampling circuit 
 
 4/10/2002 
 
 5/18/2004 
 
 4/18/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,747,522 
 
 Digitally controlled crystal oscillator with integrated coarse and fine control 
 
 5/3/2002 
 
 6/8/2004 
 
 5/17/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,275,116 
 
 Method, circuit and/or architecture to improve the frequency range of a voltage controlled oscillator 
 
 6/8/1999 
 
 8/14/2001 
 
 6/8/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,608,763 
 
 Stacking system and method 
 
 9/15/2000 
 
 8/19/2003 
 
 5/24/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,404,043 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 6/21/2000 
 
 6/11/2002 
 
 6/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,472,735 
 
 Three-dimensional memory stacking using anisotropic epoxy interconnections 
 
 4/5/2001 
 
 10/29/2002 
 
 6/27/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,544,815 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 8/6/2001 
 
 4/8/2003 
 
 6/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,566,746 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 12/14/2001 
 
 5/20/2003 
 
 6/21/2020 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,878,571 
 
 Panel stacking of BGA devices to form three-dimensional modules 
 
 12/11/2002 
 
 4/12/2005 
 
 4/30/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,627,984 
 
 Chip stack with differing chip package types 
 
 7/24/2001 
 
 9/30/2003 
 
 7/24/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,908,792 
 
 Chip stack with differing chip package types 
 
 10/3/2002 
 
 6/21/2005 
 
 2/21/2022 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,205,524 
 
 Multimedia arbiter and method using fixed round-robin slots for real-time agents and a timed priority slot for non-real-time agents 
 
 9/16/1998 
 
 3/20/2001 
 
 9/16/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,157,978 
 
 Multimedia round-robin arbitration with phantom slots for super-priority real-time agent 
 
 1/6/1999 
 
 12/5/2000 
 
 9/16/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,117,750 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single-crystal germanium or silicon on a substrate of single-crystal silicon or germanium, respectively 
 
 12/21/1998 
 
 9/12/2000 
 
 12/21/2018 

20 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,429,098 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single-crystal germanium or silicon on a substrate of single-crystal silicon or germanium, respectively, and multilayer products obtained 
 
 9/11/2000 
 
 8/6/2002 
 
 12/21/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,134,176 
 
 Disabling a defective element in an integrated circuit device having redundant elements 
 
 11/24/1998 
 
 10/17/2000 
 
 11/24/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,366,998 
 
 Reconfigurable functional units for implementing a hybrid vliw-simd programming model 
 
 10/14/1998 
 
 4/2/2002 
 
 10/14/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,401,217 
 
 Method For Error Recognition In A Processor System 
 
 7/22/1998 
 
 6/4/2002 
 
 7/22/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,169,028 
 
 Method for fabricating metal interconnected structure 
 
 1/26/1999 
 
 1/2/2001 
 
 1/26/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,190,981 
 
 Method for fabricating metal oxide semiconductor 
 
 2/3/1999 
 
 2/20/2001 
 
 2/3/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,130,823 
 
 Stackable ball grid array module and method 
 
 2/1/1999 
 
 10/10/2000 
 
 2/1/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,208,004 
 
 Semiconductor device with high-temperature-stable gate electrode for sub-micron applications and fabrication thereof 
 
 8/19/1998 
 
 3/27/2001 
 
 8/19/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 US Patent 
 
 6,479,362 
 
 Semiconductor device with high-temperature-stable gate electrode for sub-micron applications and fabrication thereof 
 
 2/14/2001 
 
 11/12/2002 
 
 8/19/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0796825 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 4/3/2001 
 
 6/24/2009 
 
 4/3/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 British Patent 
 
 GB0930382 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single crystal germanium or silicon on single crystal silicon or germanium substrate respectively, and multilayer products thus obtained 
 
 12/9/1998 
 
 8/21/2002 
 
 12/9/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Italian Patent 
 
 IT0930382 
 
 Process for obtaining a layer of single crystal germanium or silicon on single crystal silicon or germanium substrate respectively, and multilayer products thus obtained 
 
 12/9/1998 
 
 8/21/2002 
 
 12/9/2018 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Korean Patent 
 
 KR10-0633947 
 
 Method of fabricating a high power rf field effect transistor with reduced hot electron injection and resulting structure 
 
 8/17/1999 
 
 10/4/2006 
 
 8/17/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2791470 
 
 Monolithic Integrated Circuit Comprising An Inductor And A Method Of Fabricating The Same 
 
 3/23/1999 
 
 6/1/2001 
 
 3/23/2019 
 
 M-RED 
 
 French Patent 
 
 FR2790328 
 
 Inductive Component, Integrated Transformer, In Particular For A Radio Frequency Circuit, And Associated Integrated Circuit With Such Inductive Component Or Integrated Transformer 
 
 2/26/1999 
 
 4/20/2001 
 
 2/26/2019 

21 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP4846167 
 
 Method of manufacturing a semiconductor device 
 
 4/3/2001 
 
 10/21/2011 
 
 4/3/2021 
 
 M-RED 
 
 Japanese Patent 
 
 JP5051939 
 
 Electric sensor device, method for generating electric signal from array of converter element 
 
 12/5/2000 
 
 8/3/2012 
 
 12/5/2020 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,280,014 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 11/29/2006 
 
 10/02/2012 
 
 11/08/2030 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,088,667 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 09/06/2012 
 
 07/21/2015 
 
 06/30/2027 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,033,876 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 06/02/2015 
 
 07/24/2018 
 
 11/29/2026 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,348,909 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 06/18/2018 
 
 07/09/2019 
 
 11/29/2026 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,938,995 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 05/23/2019 
 
 03/02/2021 
 
 11/29/2026 
 
 AMI 
 
 US Patent Application 
 
 17/162,354 
 
 System and method for associating audio clips with objects 
 
 01/29/2021 
 
 n/a 
 
 n/a 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,761,371 
 
 Analyzing a credit counseling agency 
 
 07/19/2007 
 
 07/20/2010 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,827,097 
 
 System for transferring an inbound communication to one of a plurality of credit-counseling agencies 
 
 10/19/2000 
 
 11/02/2010 
 
 10/23/2024 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 7,860,785 
 
 Communication system to automatically refer an inbound communication 
 
 07/19/2007 
 
 12/28/2010 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,209,257 
 
 System for transferring an inbound communication to one of a plurality of credit-counseling agencies 
 
 11/01/2010 
 
 06/26/2012 
 
 11/27/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,725,630 
 
 Method of processing a phone call 
 
 06/25/2012 
 
 05/13/2014 
 
 10/19/2020 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,948,771 
 
 Using an interactive voice response apparatus 
 
 05/12/2014 
 
 04/17/2018 
 
 12/23/2022 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,230,840 
 
 Method of using an apparatus processing phone call routing 
 
 05/12/2014 
 
 03/12/2019 
 
 01/05/2022 
 
 PLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 10,735,582 
 
 Apparatus processing phone calls 
 
 03/11/2019 
 
 08/04/2020 
 
 10/19/2020 

22 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,327,441 
 
 System and method for application attestation 
 
 2/17/2012 
 
 12/4/2012 
 
 2/17/2032 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,776,180 
 
 Systems and methods for using reputation scores in network services and transactions to calculate security risks to computer systems and platforms 
 
 7/27/2012 
 
 7/8/2014 
 
 7/27/2032 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,850,517 
 
 Runtime risk detection based on user, application, and system action sequence correlation 
 
 1/15/2013 
 
 9/30/2014 
 
 1/15/2033 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,850,588 

Systems and methods for providing 
 Mobile security based on dynamic 
 Attestation 
 
 7/27/2012 
 
 9/30/2014 
 
 7/27/2032 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 8,990,948 
 
 Systems and methods for orchestrating runtime operational integrity 
 
 7/27/2012 
 
 3/24/2015 
 
 7/27/2032 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,027,125 
 
 Systems and methods for network flow remediation based on risk correlation 
 
 7/27/2012 
 
 5/5/2015 
 
 7/27/2032 

TLL 
 
 US Patent 
 
 9,092,616 
 
 Systems and methods for threat identification and remediation 
 
 7/27/2012 
 
 7/28/2015 
 
 7/27/2032 

TLL 
 US Patent 
 7565549 
 System and method for the managed security control of processes on a computer system 
 7/3/2007 
 7/21/2009 
 7/3/2027 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 7673137 
 System and method for the managed security control of processes on a computer system 
 1/3/2003 
 3/2/2010 
 1/3/2023 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8150958 
 Methods, systems and computer program products for disseminating status information to users of computer resources 
 5/5/2004 
 4/3/2012 
 5/5/2024 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8955038 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 8/16/12 
 2/10/2015 
 8/16/2032 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 9608997 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 2/10/2015 
 3/28/2017 
 2/10/2035 

23 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 

TLL 
 US Patent 
 9923918 
 Methods and systems for controlling access to computing resources based on known security vulnerabilities 
 3/27/2017 
 3/20/2018 
 3/27/2037 
 
 TLL 
 Korean Patent 
 20090075861 
 On demand virus scan 
 12/4/2007 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8572738 
 On demand virus scan 
 12/7/2006 
 10/29/2013 
 12/7/2026 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 6842796 
 Information extraction from documents with regular expression matching 
 7/3/2001 
 1/11/2005 
 7/3/2021 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 6928549 
 Dynamic intrusion detection for computer systems 
 7/9/2001 
 8/9/2005 
 7/9/2021 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8180941 
 Mechanisms for priority control in resource allocation 
 12/4/2009 
 5/15/2012 
 12/4/2029 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8055996 
 Lightweight form pattern validation 
 11/13/2003 
 11/8/2011 
 11/13/2023 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8086835 
 Rootkit detection 
 6/4/2007 
 12/27/2011 
 6/4/2027 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8127356 
 System, method and program product for detecting unknown computer attacks 
 8/27/2003 
 2/28/2012 
 8/27/2023 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8135958 
 Method, system, and apparatus for dynamically validating a data encryption operation 
 11/22/2005 
 3/13/2012 
 11/22/2025 

TLL 
 US Patent 
 8140853 
 Mutually excluded security managers 
 7/1/2008 
 3/20/2012 
 7/1/2028 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8171533 
 Managing web single sign-on applications 
 9/29/2008 
 5/1/2012 
 9/1/2028 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8819419 
 Method and system for dynamic encryption of a URL 
 4/3/2003 
 8/26/2014 
 4/3/2023 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 9118634 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 7/2/2014 
 8/25/2015 
 7/2/2034 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 9628453 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 6/10/2015 
 4/18/2017 
 6/10/2035 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 9860251 
 Dynamic encryption of a universal resource locator 
 1/30/2017 
 1/2/2018 
 1/30/2037 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 8769126 
 Expanded membership access control in a collaborative environment 
 6/24/2004 
 7/1/2014 
 7/1/2018 
 
 TLL 
 European Patent 
 EP2727042 
 Rules based actions for mobile device management 
 7/2/2012 
 4/6/2016 
 7/2/2032 
 
 TLL 
 US Patent 
 9071518 
 Rules based actions for mobile device management 
 7/2/2012 
 6/30/2015 
 7/2/2032 

STX 
 US Patent 
 7,592,532 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Voice-over or Music Production and Management 
 9/27/2005 
 9/22/2009 
 4/25/2026 
 
 STX 
 US Patent 
 9,635,312 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Voice-over or Music Production and Management 
 12/11/2015 
 4/25/2017 
 9/27/2025 
 
 STX 
 US Patent 
 10,726,822 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Digital Content Monitoring and Management 
 4/24/2017 
 7/28/2020 
 9/27/2025 
 
 STX 
 US Application 
 16/940,157 
 Method and Apparatus for Remote Digital Content Monitoring and Management 
 7/27/2020 
 n/a 

24 

Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Number 
 
 Title 
 
 File Date 
 
 Issue / Publication 
Date 
 
 Expiration 

MML 
 US Patent 
 7,725,116 
 Techniques for combining voice with wireless text short message services 
 11/25/2006 
 5/25/2010 
 9/17/2026 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 7,929,949 
 Interactive multimodal messaging 
 2/3/2009 
 4/19/2011 
 2/3/2029 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 8,107,978 
 Addressing voice SMS messages 
 3/27/2008 
 1/31/2012 
 3/27/2028 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 8,688,150 
 Methods for identifying messages and communicating with users of a multimodal message service 
 8/12/2005 
 4/1/2014 
 2/16/2029 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 9,185,227 
 Sender driven call completion system 
 12/12/2013 
 11/10/2015 
 12/12/2033 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 9,520,851 
 Predictive automatic gain control in a media processing system 
 3/12/2015 
 12/13/2016 
 6/9/2035 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 9,532,191 
 Multi-modal transmission of early media notifications 
 5/17/2013 
 12/27/2016 
 5/17/2033 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 9,686,324 
 System and method for establishing communication links between mobile devices 
 2/27/2014 
 6/20/2017 
 5/1/2034 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 10,552,030 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 10/11/2013 
 2/4/2020 
 7/5/2035 
 
 MML 
 US Patent 
 10,884,609 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 1/7/2020 
 1/5/2021 
 10/11/2033 
 
 MML 
 US Application 
 17/117,114 
 Multi-Gesture Media Recording System 
 12/10/2020 
 4/1/2021 
 n/a 
 
 LSC 
 US Patent 
 6,549,988 
 Data storage system comprising a network of PCs and method using same 
 1/22/1999 
 4/15/2013 
 1/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 US Patent 
 8,225,002 
 Data storage and data sharing in a network of heterogeneous computers 
 3/5/2003 
 7/17/2012 
 1/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 US Patent 
 9,811,463 
 Apparatus Including an I/O Interface and a Network Interface and Related Method of Use 
 2/23/2017 
 11/7/2017 
 1/22/2019 
 
 LSC 
 US Patent 
 10,154,092 
 Data Sharing Using Distributed Cache in a Network of Heterogeneous Computers 
 1/15/2016 
 12/11/2018 
 1/15/2016 

Subject to any terminal disclaimer or patent term extension 

25 

Research and Development 

We did not incur research and development expenses
during 2021 or 2020. 

Consulting Contracts 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into advisory
service agreement with three consultants pursuant to which they will provide services to us in connection with the development of our
business. The agreements have a term of ten years and may be terminated by us for cause or upon the death or disability of the consultants. 

Pursuant to the agreements with two of the consultants,
the compensation payable to each of them consists of a restricted stock grant of 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock which vested in full
immediately upon issuance and a ten-year option to purchase a total of 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which become exercisable cumulatively
as follows: 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share becoming exercisable upon the commencement of trading of our common stock on the OTCQB
which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, becoming exercisable on the first day on which we file with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form
10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000, and 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.05 per share becoming exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the
Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Pursuant to the agreement with the third consultant, the compensation
payable to him consists of a restricted stock grant of 10,000,000 shares of Common Stock which immediately vests in full and a ten-year
option to purchase 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which becomes exercisable cumulatively as follows: 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share which became exercisable on February 22, 2022, which was the first anniversary of the
date of the agreement; 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.03 per share upon the second anniversary of the date of the agreement; and 

10,000,000
shares at an exercise price of 0.05 per share upon the third anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

Employees 

As of March 31, 2022, we have no employees other
than our two officers, only one of whom, Mr. Jon Scahill, our chief executive officer and president, is full time. Our employees
are not represented by a labor union, and we consider our employee relations to be good. 

26 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below together with all of the other information included in
this annual report before making an investment decision with regard to our securities. The statements contained in this annual report
include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those set forth in or implied by forward-looking statements. The risks set forth below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks
and uncertainties may exist that could also adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. If any of the following risks actually
occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock
could decline, and you may lose all or a significant part of your investment. 

Risks Relating to our Financial Conditions
and Operations 

We have a history of losses and are continuing
to incur losses . During the period from 2008, when we changed our business to become an intellectual property management company,
through December 31, 2021, we generated a cumulative loss of approximately 25.4 million on cumulative revenues of less than 23.3 million,
and our losses are continuing. We did not generate any revenue during the fourth quarter of 2020 or during the first three quarters of
2021. Our total assets were approximately 817,000 at December 31, 2021, of which approximately 539,000 represented the book value of
patents we acquired from AI in October of 2021. At December 31, 2021, we had a working capital deficiency of approximately 8.1 million. 

We did not generate any revenue during the
fourth quarter of 2020 or the first three quarters of 2021 . During the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first three quarters of 2021,
we did not generate any revenue. Because we were in default under our loans to Intelligent Partners (as successor to United Wireless),
with Intelligent Partners having the ability to declare a default on our notes in the principal amount of 4,672,810, with the possibility
of our seeking protection under the Bankruptcy Act, we ceased our monetization activities, since no counsel would represent us on a contingent
basis in view of the default and possible bankruptcy, and devoted our efforts in negotiating the agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners.
We resumed our monetization activities following in February 2021 after we entered into our agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners.
However, the intellectual property monetization cycle is lengthy and may be unsuccessful. Monetization activities initiated may take several
quarters to generate revenues if ever. 

Our independent auditors have included a going
concern qualification in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 . Because of our history of
losses, deficiency in stockholders equity, working capital deficiency and the uncertainty of generating revenues in the future,
our independent auditors have included a going concern qualification in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December
31, 2021. 

We require significant funding in order to
develop our business . Our business requires substantial funding to evaluate and acquire intellectual property rights and to develop
and implement programs to monetize our intellectual property rights, including the prosecution of any litigation necessary to enable us
to monetize our intellectual property rights. Our failure to develop and implement these programs could both jeopardize our relationships
under our existing agreements and could inhibit our ability to generate new business, either through the acquisition of intellectual property
rights or through exclusive management agreements. We cannot be profitable unless we are able to obtain the funding necessary to develop
our business, including litigation to monetize our intellectual property. Although we have an agreement with QFL which provides a funding
line to acquire and monetize intellectual property rights, QFL must approve any intellectual property we acquire and, if QFL does not
fund an intellectual property acquisition, we may not be able to acquire and monetize the intellectual property. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to obtain necessary funding or to develop our business. 

27 

The terms of our agreements with QFL and
Intelligent Partners may make it difficult for us to generate cash flow from our operations . Although we have an agreement with QFL
pursuant to which QFL agreed to make available to us a financing facility of (i) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed
patent rights that the Company intends to monetize, of which we have received 2,210,000 as of March 15, 2022; (ii) up to 2,000,000 for
operating expenses from which the Company may, at its discretion, draw up to 200,000 per calendar quarter, of which we have drawn down
 1,200,000 as of March 15, 2022, and (iii) 1,750,000 which was used to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations
to Intelligent Partners. Pursuant to the QFL agreement, QFL receive all proceeds payable to us from the monetization of those patents
which have been financed by QFL until QFL has received its negotiated rate of return, then we and QFL share equally in the proceeds from
monetization until QFL has received its investment return and thereafter we receive all of the net proceeds. Pursuant to our restructure
agreement with Intelligent Partners, we have an obligation to pay TMPO totaling 2,805,000. Under our amended monetization proceeds agreements
with Intelligent Partners, we pay Intelligent Partners 60 of the net monetization proceeds from associated intellectual property portfolios.
Further, until we have paid Intelligent Partners a total of 2,805,000 under all of the monetization proceeds agreements, for net proceeds
between 0 and 1,000,000 we are to pay Intelligent Partners 10 of the net proceeds realized from new assets acquired by us, provided,
that, if, in any calendar quarter, our net proceeds realized exceed 1,000,000, Intelligent Partner s entitlement for that quarter
shall increase to 30 on the portion of net proceeds in excess of 1,000,000 but less than 3,000,000, and if in the same calendar quarter,
net proceeds exceed 3,000,000, Intelligent Partners entitlement for that quarter shall increase to 50 on the portion of net proceeds
in excess of 3,000,000. These payments come from our share of the proceeds after QFL has recovered its negotiated rate of return. In
these agreements, the monetization proceeds is determined after payment of contingent legal fees and certain other expenses, including
payments due by us to as part of the purchase price for intellectual property rights. We cannot assure you that, as a result of these
provisions, that we will generate any meaningful cash flow from the intellectual property we acquire. If we do not generate sufficient
cash flow from our monetization activities, we may not be able to fund our operations or continue in business. 

Our business may be impaired by the effects
of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of the response to the pandemic . Although we do not manufacture or sell products, the COVID-19
pandemic and the work shutdown imposed in the United States and other countries to limit the spread of the virus can have a negative impact
on our business. Our revenue is generated almost exclusively from license fees generated from litigation seeking damages for infringement
of our intellectual property rights. The work shutdown affected the court system courts operating on a reduced schedule. As a result,
even though many court are operating on a near normal schedule, patent infringement actions are likely to be lower priority items in allocation
of court resources, with the effect that deadlines are likely to be postponed which delays may give defendants an incentive to delay negotiations
or offer a lower amount than they might otherwise accept. In addition, the effect of the COVID-19 and new variants and subvriants the
public response may adversely affect the financial condition and prospects of defendants and potential defendants, which would make it
less likely that they would be willing to settle our claim. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the response to limit
the spread of the infection may affect the financial condition of financing sources and the willingness of potential financing sources
to provide funding for our litigation. In addition, these factors may affect a law firms ability and willingness to provide us
with legal services on a contingent or partial contingent and may result in the impairment or discontinuation of business of or the filing
of a petition under the Bankruptcy Act by or against any defendant or potential defendant. 

Further, to the extent that holders of intellectual
property rights see these factors impacting our ability to generate revenue from their intellectual property, they may be reluctant to
sell intellectual property to us on terms which are acceptable to us. 

We are dependent upon our chief executive officer .
We are dependent upon Jon Scahill, our chief executive officer and president and sole full-time employee, for all aspects of our business
including locating, evaluating and negotiating and performing due diligence with respect to intellectual property rights from the owners,
managing our intellectual property portfolios, engaging in licensing activities and monetizing the rights through licensing and managing
and monitoring any litigation with respect to our intellectual property as well as defending any actions by potential licensees seeking
a declaratory judgment that they do not infringe. The loss of Mr. Scahill would materially impair our ability to conduct our business.
Although we have an employment agreement with Mr. Scahill, the employment agreement does not ensure that Mr. Scahill will remain with
us. 

Any equity funding we obtain may result in
significant dilution to our stockholders . Because of our financial position, our continuing losses and our negative working capital
from operations, we do not expect that we will be able to obtain any debt financing for our operations. Our stock price has generally
been trading at a price which is less than 0.02 per share for more than the past two years. As a result, it will be very difficult for
us to raise funds in the equity markets. However, in the event that we are able to raise funds in the equity market, the sale of shares
would result in significant dilution to the present stockholders, and even a modest equity investment could result in the issuance of
a very significant number of shares. 

28 

Risks Relating to Monetizing our Intellectual
Property Rights 

We may not be able to monetize our intellectual
property portfolios . Although our business plan is to generate revenue from our intellectual property portfolios, we have not been
successful in generating any significant positive cash flow from our portfolios, we have not generated any revenues from several of our
intellectual property portfolios and we have ceased allocating resources toward the monetization of several of our portfolios. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to generate any significant revenue from our existing portfolios or that we will be able to acquire new
intellectual property rights that will generate significant revenue. 

If we are not successful in monetizing our
portfolios, we may not be able to continue in business . Although we have ownership of some of our intellectual property, we also license
the rights pursuant to agreements with the owners of the intellectual property. If we are not successful in generating revenue for those
parties who have an interest in the results of our efforts, those parties may seek to renegotiate the terms of our agreements with them,
which could both impair our ability to generate revenue from our intellectual property and make it more difficult for us to obtain rights
to new intellectual property rights. If we continue to be unable to generate revenue from our existing intellectual property portfolios
and any new portfolios we may acquire, we may be unable to continue in business. 

If we are not successful in patent litigation,
the defendants may seek to have the court award attorneys fees to them against us which could result in the bankruptcy of the plaintiff
subsidiary and may result in a default under our agreement QFL . The United States patent laws provide that the court in exceptional
cases may award reasonable attorney fees to the prevailing party. Although the patents are owned by our subsidiaries and any judgment
would be awarded against the subsidiaries, the subsidiaries have no assets other than the patent rights. Our funding sources for our patent
litigation do not provide for the funding source to pay any judgment against us. Thus, if any defendants obtain a judgment against one
of our subsidiaries, they may seek to enforce their judgment against the patents owned by the subsidiary or seek to put the subsidiary
into bankruptcy and acquire the patents in the bankruptcy proceeding. As a result, it is possible that an adverse verdict in a petition
for legal fees could result in the loss of the patents owned by the subsidiary and a default under our agreement with QFL. 

Our inability to acquire intellectual property
portfolios will impair our ability to generate revenue and develop our business . We do not have the personnel to develop patentable
technology by ourselves. Thus, we need to depend on acquiring rights to intellectual property and intellectual property portfolios from
third parties on an ongoing basis. In acquiring intellectual property rights, there are delays in (i) identifying the intellectual property
which we may want to acquire, (ii) negotiating an agreement with the owner or holder of the intellectual property rights, and (iii) generating
revenue from those intellectual property rights which we acquire. During these periods, we will continue to incur expenses with no assurance
that we will generate revenue. We currently hold intellectual property portfolios from which we have not generated any revenue to date,
and we cannot assure you that we will generate revenue from our existing intellectual property portfolios or any additional intellectual
properties which we may acquire. 

We may be unable to enforce our intellectual
property rights unless we obtain third party funding . Because of the expense of litigation and our lack of working capital, we may
be unable to enforce our intellectual property rights unless we obtain the agreement of a third party to provide funding in support of
our litigation. We cannot assure you that QFL or any other funding source provide us the any necessary funding, and the failure to obtain
such funding may impair our ability to monetize our intellectual property portfolio or continue in business. 

Because we need to rely on third-party funding
sources to provide us with funds to enforce our intellectual property rights we are dependent upon the perception by potential funding
sources of the value of our intellectual property . Because we do not have funds to pursue litigation to enforce our intellectual property
rights, we are dependent upon the valuation which potential funding sources, which currently is QFL, give to our intellectual property
or any intellectual property we may acquire. In determining whether to provide funding for intellectual property litigation, the funding
sources need to make an evaluation of the strength of our patents, the likelihood of success, the nature of the potential defendants and
a determination as to whether there is a sufficient potential recovery to justify a significant investment in intellectual property litigation.
Typically, such funding sources receive a percentage of the recovery after litigation expenses, and seek to generate a sufficient return
on investment to justify the investment. Under our agreement with QFL, QFL is allocated all of the net proceeds (after allowable expenses)
until it has received a negotiated return. Unless QFL or any other funding source believes that it will generate a sufficient return on
investment, it will not fund litigation. If QFL does not fund our acquisition or monetization of intellectual property we propose to acquire,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate funding agreements with third party funding sources on terms reasonably acceptable
to us, if at all. Because of our financial condition, we may only be able to obtain funding on terms which are less favorable to us than
we would otherwise be able to obtain. 

29 

Although we have a funding agreement with QFL,
there is no assurance that we QFL will provide funding for portfolios we are looking to acquire or that we will generate revenue from
any funded litigation . Although the funding source makes its evaluation as to the likelihood of success, patent litigation is very
uncertain, and we cannot assure you that, we will obtain litigation funding or that, if we obtain litigation funding, we will be successful
or that any recovery we may obtain will generate any significant positive cash flow from operations for us. 

Because QFL and Intelligent Partners hold a
security interest in almost all of our intellectual property and the proceeds from our intellectual property, we may not be able to raise
funds through a debt financing . Pursuant to our agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners, we granted them a security interest
in the stock of our subsidiaries that hold the intellectual property acquired from Intellectual Ventures and in the proceeds from the
monetization of intellectual property acquired from Intellectual Ventures and our mobile data and financial data portfolios. The inability
to grant a security interest in these assets to a new lender would materially impair our ability to obtain debt financing for our operations,
and may also impair our ability to obtain financing to acquire additional intellectual property rights. 

Because of our financial condition and our
having generated a loss from operations in 2021 and 2020 from our existing portfolios, we may not be able to obtain intellectual property
rights to the most advanced technologies . In order to generate meaningful revenues from intellectual property rights, we need to be
able to identify, negotiate rights to and offer technologies for which there is a developing market. Because of our financial condition
and the terms under which we obtain financing for our litigation, we may be unable to negotiate rights to technology for which there which
will be a strong developing market, or, if we are able to negotiate agreements for such intellectual property, the terms of our purchase
or license may not be favorable to us. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to acquire intellectual property rights
to the technology for which there is a strong market demand. 

Potential acquisitions may present risks, and
we may be unable to achieve the financial or other goals intended at the time of any potential acquisition . Our ability to grow depends,
in large part, on our ability to acquire interests in intellectual property, including patented technologies, patent portfolios, or companies
holding such patented technologies and patent portfolios. Accordingly, we intend to engage in acquisitions to expand our intellectual
property portfolios and we intend to continue to explore such acquisitions. Such acquisitions are subject to numerous risks, including
the following: 

our failure to have sufficient funding to enable us to make the acquisition, together with the terms on which such funding is available, if at all; 

our failure to have sufficient personal to satisfy the seller that we have the personnel to monetize the assets we propose to acquire; 

dilution to our stockholders to the extent that we use equity in connection with any acquisition; 

our inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to any potential acquisition, or if we are able to enter into such agreement, our inability to consummate the potential acquisition; 

difficulty integrating the operations, technology and personnel of the acquired entity; 

our inability to achieve the anticipated financial and other benefits of the specific acquisition; 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and monetization process; 

diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns, especially considering that we have only one full-time employee/officer who is responsible for performing due diligence, negotiating agreements, negotiating funding and implementing a monetization program; and 

our failure, in our due diligence process, to identify significant issues, including issues with respect to patented technologies and intellectual property portfolios, and other legal and financial contingencies. 

30 

If we are unable to manage these risks and other
risks effectively as part of any acquisition, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our acquisition of intellectual property rights
may be time consuming, complex and costly, which could adversely affect our operating results . Acquisitions of patent or other intellectual
property assets, which are and will be critical to the development of our business, are often time consuming, complex and costly to consummate.
We may utilize many different transaction structures in our acquisitions and the terms of such acquisition agreements tend to be heavily
negotiated. As a result, we expect to incur significant operating expenses and may be required to raise capital during the negotiations
even if the acquisition is ultimately not consummated. Even if we are able to acquire particular intellectual property assets, there is
no guarantee that we will generate sufficient revenue related to those intellectual property assets to offset the acquisition costs. We
may also identify intellectual property assets that cost more than we are prepared to spend with our own capital resources. We may incur
significant costs to organize and negotiate a structured acquisition that does not ultimately result in an acquisition of any intellectual
property assets or, if consummated, proves to be unprofitable for us. These higher costs could adversely affect our operating results. 

If we acquire technologies that are in the
early stages of market development, we may be unable to monetize the rights we acquire . We may acquire patents, technologies and other
intellectual property rights that are in the early stages of adoption in the commercial, industrial and consumer markets. Demand for some
of these technologies will likely be untested and may be subject to fluctuation based upon the rate at which companies may adopt our intellectual
property in their products and services. As a result, there can be no assurance as to whether technologies we acquire or develop will
have value that we can monetize. It may also be necessary for us to develop additional intellectual property and file new patent applications
as the underlying commercial market evolves, as a result of which we may incur substantial costs with no assurance that we will ever be
able to monetize our intellectual property. 

Our intellectual property monetization cycle
is lengthy and costly and may be unsuccessful . We expect to incur significant marketing, legal and sales expenses prior to entering
into monetization events that generate revenue and cash flow from operations for us. We will also spend considerable resources educating
potential licensees on the benefits of entering into an agreement with us that may include a non-exclusive license for future use of our
intellectual property rights. Thus, we may incur significant losses in any particular period before any associated revenue stream begins.
If our efforts to convince potential licensees of the benefits of a settlement arrangement are unsuccessful, we may need to continue with
the litigation process or other enforcement action to protect our intellectual property rights and to realize revenue from those rights.
We may also need to litigate to enforce the terms of existing agreements, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope
of the proprietary rights of others. Enforcement proceedings are typically protracted and complex. The costs are typically substantial,
and the outcomes are unpredictable. Enforcement actions will divert our managerial, technical, legal and financial resources from business
operations. 

We may not be successful in obtaining judgments
in our favor . We have commenced litigation seeking to monetize our intellectual property portfolios and it will be necessary for us
to commence ligation in the future. All litigation is uncertain, and a number of the actions we commenced have been dismissed by the trial
court. We cannot assure you that any litigation will be decided in our favor or that, if damages are awarded or a license is negotiated,
that we will generate any significant revenue from the litigation or that any recovery may be allocated to counsel and third party funding
source which may result in little if any revenue to us. 

Our financial condition may cause both intellectual
property rights owners and potential licensees to believe that we do not have the financial resources to commence and prosecute litigation
for infringement . Because of our financial condition, both intellectual property rights owners and potential licensees may believe
that we do not have the ability to commence and prosecute sustained and expensive litigation to protect our intellection rights with the
effect that (i) intellectual property rights owners may be reluctant to grant us rights to their intellectual property and (ii) potential
licensees may be less inclined to pay for license rights from us or settle any litigation we may commence on terms which generate any
meaningful monetization. 

Any patents which may be issued to us pursuant
to patent applications which we filed or may file may fail to give us necessary protection . We cannot be certain that patents will
be issued as a result of any pending or future patent applications, or that any of our patents, once issued, will provide us with adequate
protection from competing products. For example, issued patents may be circumvented or challenged, declared invalid or unenforceable,
or narrowed in scope. In addition, since publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries,
we cannot be certain that we will be the first to make additional new inventions or to file patent applications covering those inventions.
It is also possible that others may have or may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing our products or require
us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. As to those
patents that we may acquire, our continued rights will depend on meeting any obligations to the seller and we may be unable to do so.
Our failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights for our inventions would lead to the loss of our investments in such activities,
which would have a material adverse effect on us. 

31 

The provisions of Federal Declaratory Judgment
Act may affect our ability to monetize our intellectual property . Under the Federal Declaratory Judgment Act, it is possible for a
party who we consider to be infringing upon our intellectual property to commence an action against us seeking a declaratory judgment
that such party is not infringing upon our intellectual property rights. In such a case, the plaintiff could choose the court in which
to bring the action and we would be the defendant in the action. Common claims for declaratory judgment in patent cases are claims of
non-infringement, patent invalidity and unenforceability. Although the commencement of an action requires a claim or controversy, a court
may find a letter from us to the alleged infringer seeking a royalty for the use of our intellectual property rights to form the basis
of a controversy. In such a case, the plaintiff, rather than we, would choose the court in which to bring the action and the timing of
the action. In addition, when we commence an action as plaintiff, we may be able to enter into a contingent fee arrangement with counsel,
it is possible that counsel may be less willing to accept such an arrangement if we are the defendant. Further, we would not have the
opportunity of choosing against which party to bring the action. An adverse decision in a declaratory judgment action could significantly
impair our ability to monetize the intellectual property rights which are the subject of the litigation. We have been a defendant in one
declaratory judgment action, which resulted in a settlement. We cannot assure you that potential infringers will not be able to use the
Declaratory Judgment Act to reduce our ability to monetize the patents that are the subject of the action. 

A 2014 Supreme Court decision could significantly
impair business method and software patents . In June 2014, the United States Supreme Court, in Alice v. CLS Bank , struck down
patents covering a computer-implemented scheme for mitigating settlement risk by using a third party intermediary, holding
the patent claims to be ineligible as being drawn to a patent-ineligible abstract idea. The courts have been dealing for many years over
what business methods are patentable. We cannot predict the extent to which the decision in Alice as well as prior Supreme Court
decisions dealing with patents, will be interpreted by courts. To the extent that the Supreme Court decision in Alice gives businesses
reason to believe that business model and software patents are not enforceable, it may become more difficult for us to monetize patents
which are held to be within the ambit of the patents before the Supreme Court in Alice and for us to obtain counsel willing to
represent us on a contingency basis. As a result, the decision in Alice could materially impair our ability to obtain patent rights
and monetize those which we do obtain. 

Legislation, regulations or rules related to
obtaining patents or enforcing patents could significantly increase our operating costs and decrease our revenue . We may apply for
patents and may spend a significant amount of resources to enforce those patents. If legislation, regulations or rules are implemented
either by Congress, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or the courts that impact the patent application process, the patent
enforcement process or the rights of patent holders, these changes could negatively affect our expenses and revenue. For example, new
rules regarding the burden of proof in patent enforcement actions could significantly both increase the cost of our enforcement actions
and make it more difficult to sign licenses without litigation, changes in standards or limitations on liability for patent infringement
could negatively impact our revenue derived from such enforcement actions, and any rules requiring that the losing party pay legal fees
of the prevailing party could also significantly increase the cost of our enforcement actions. United States patent laws were amended
with the enactment of the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, which took effect on March 16, 2013. The America
Invents Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. In general, the legislation attempts to address issues surrounding
the enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation by, among other things, establishing new procedures for patent litigation.
For example, the America Invents Act changes the way that parties may be joined in patent infringement actions, increasing the likelihood
that such actions will need to be brought against individual parties allegedly infringing by their respective individual actions or activities.
The America Invents Act and its implementation increases the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of our patented technologies,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice has conducted
reviews of the patent system to evaluate the impact of patent assertion entities on industries in which those patents relate. It is possible
that the findings and recommendations of the Department of Justice could impact the ability to effectively license and enforce standards-essential
patents and could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of any such patented technologies. 

32 

Proposed legislation may affect our ability
to conduct our business . There are presently pending or proposed a number of laws which, if enacted, may affect the ability of companies
such as us to generate revenue from our intellectual property rights. Typically, these proposed laws cover legal actions brought by companies
which do not manufacture products or supply services but seek to collect licensing fees based on their intellectual property rights and,
if they are not able to enter into a license, to commence litigation. Although a number of such bills have been proposed in Congress,
we do not know which, if any, bills will be enacted into law or what the provisions will be and, therefore, we cannot predict the effect,
if any, that such laws, if passed by Congress and signed by the president, would provide. However, we cannot assure you that legislation
will not be enacted which would impair our ability to operate by making it more difficult for us to commence litigation against a potential
licensee or infringer. To the extent that an alleged infringer believes that we will not prevail in litigation, it would be more difficult
to negotiate a license agreement without litigation. 

The unpredictability of our revenues may harm
our financial condition . Our revenues from licensing have typically been lump sum payments entered into at the time of the license,
which may be in connection with the settlement of litigation, and not from licenses that pay an ongoing royalty. Due to the nature of
the licensing business and uncertainties regarding the amount and timing of the receipt of license and other fees from potential infringers,
stemming primarily from uncertainties regarding the outcome of enforcement actions, rates of adoption of our patented technologies, the
growth rates of potential licensees and certain other factors, our revenues, if any, may vary significantly from quarter to quarter, which
could make our business difficult to manage, adversely affect our business and operating results, cause our quarterly results to fall
below market expectations and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Our success depends in part upon our ability
to retain the qualified legal counsel to represent us in patent enforcement litigation . The success of our licensing business may
depend upon our ability to retain the qualified legal counsel to prosecute patent infringement litigation. As our patent enforcement actions
increase, it will become more difficult to find the preferred choice for legal counsel to handle all of our cases because many of these
firms may have a conflict of interest that prevents their representation of us or because they are not willing to represent us on a contingent
or partial contingent fee basis. 

Our reliance on representations, warranties
and opinions of third parties may expose us to certain material liabilities . From time to time, we rely upon the representations and
warranties of third parties, including persons claiming ownership of intellectual property rights, and opinions of purported experts.
In certain instances, we may not have the opportunity to independently investigate and verify the facts upon which such representations,
warranties and opinions are made. By relying on these representation, warranties and opinions, we may be exposed to liability in connection
with the licensing and enforcement of intellectual property and intellectual property rights which could have a material adverse effect
on our operating results and financial condition. 

In connection with patent enforcement actions,
counterclaims may be brought against us and a court may rule against us in counterclaims which may expose us and our operating subsidiaries
to material liabilities . In connection with patent enforcement actions, it is possible that a defendant may file counterclaims against
us or a court may rule that we have violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing
standards relating to the substantive or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions
against us or our operating subsidiaries or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to the counterclaiming defendant, which could
be material, and if we or our operating subsidiaries are required to pay such monetary sanctions, attorneys fees and/or expenses,
such payment could materially harm our operating results, our financial position and our ability to continue in business. 

Trial judges and juries may find it difficult
to understand complex patent enforcement litigation, and as a result, we may need to appeal adverse decisions by lower courts in order
to successfully enforce our patents . It is difficult to predict the outcome of patent enforcement litigation at the trial level. It
is often difficult for juries and trial judges to understand complex, patented technologies, and, as a result, there is a higher rate
of successful appeals in patent enforcement litigation than more standard business litigation. Regardless of whether we prevail in the
trial court, appeals are expensive and time consuming, resulting in increased costs and delayed revenue, and attorneys may be less likely
to represent us in an appeal on a contingency basis especially if we are seeking to appeal an adverse decision. Although we may diligently
pursue enforcement litigation, we cannot predict the decisions made by juries and trial courts. 

33 

More patent applications are filed each year
resulting in longer delays in getting patents issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office . We hold a number of pending
patents and may file or acquire rights to additional patent applications. We have identified a trend of increasing patent applications
each year, which we believe is resulting in longer delays in obtaining approval of pending patent applications. The application delays
could cause delays in recognizing revenue, if any, from these patents and could cause us to miss opportunities to license patents before
other competing technologies are developed or introduced into the market. 

U.S. Federal courts are becoming more crowded,
and, as a result, patent enforcement litigation is taking longer . Patent enforcement actions are almost exclusively prosecuted in
federal district courts. In May 2017, the United States Supreme Court, in TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods Groups Brands , held that
a corporate defendant may be sued either in its state of incorporation, or where it has committed acts of infringement and has a regular
and established place of business. To the extent that the Supreme Court decision in TC Heartland concentrates patent litigation
in districts within states popular for business incorporation, such as the Federal District Court for the District of Delaware, such courts
may become increasingly crowded. Federal trial courts that hear patent enforcement actions also hear criminal and other civil cases. Criminal
cases always take priority over patent enforcement actions. As a result, it is difficult to predict the length of time it will take to
complete any enforcement action. Moreover, we believe there is a trend in increasing numbers of civil lawsuits and criminal proceedings,
and, as a result, we believe that the risk of delays in patent enforcement actions will have a significant effect on our business in the
future unless this trend changes. 

Any reductions in the funding of the United
States Patent and Trademark Office could have an adverse impact on the cost of processing pending patent applications and the value of
those pending patent applications . Our primary assets are our patent portfolios, including pending patent applications before the
United States Patent and Trademark Office. The value of our patent portfolios is dependent upon the issuance of patents in a timely manner,
and any reductions in the funding of the United States Patent and Trademark Office could negatively impact the value of our assets. Further,
reductions in funding from Congress could result in higher patent application filing and maintenance fees charged by the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, causing an unexpected increase in our expenses. 

The rapid development of technology may impair
our ability to monetize intellectual property that we own . In order for us to generate revenue from our intellectual property, we
need to offer intellectual property that is used in the manufacture or development of products. Rapid technological developments have
reduced the market for products using less advanced technology. To the extent that technology develops in a manner in which our intellectual
property is not a necessary element or to the extent that others design around our intellectual property, our ability to license our intellectual
property portfolios or successfully prosecute litigation will be impaired. We cannot assure you that we will have rights to intellectual
property for most advanced technology or that there will be a market for products which require our technology. 

The intellectual property management business
is highly competitive . A large number of other companies seek to obtain rights to new intellectual property and to market existing
intellectual property. Most of these companies have significantly both greater resources that we have and industry contacts which place
them in a better position to generate new business. Further, our financial position, our lack of executive personnel and our inability
to generate revenue from our portfolio can be used against us by our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in obtaining
intellectual property rights to new developing technologies. 

As intellectual property enforcement litigation
becomes more prevalent, it may become more difficult for us to voluntarily license our intellectual property . We believe that
the more prevalent intellectual property enforcement actions become, the more difficult it will be for us to voluntarily license our
intellectual property rights, and we generally have not been successful in negotiating licenses without litigation. As a result, we may
need to increase the number of our intellectual property enforcement actions to cause infringing companies to license the intellectual
property or pay damages for lost royalties. 

Weak global economic conditions may cause potential
licensees to delay entering into licensing agreements, which could prolong our litigation and adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results . Our business depends significantly on strong economic conditions that would encourage potential licensees to
enter into license agreements for our intellectual property rights. The United States and world economies have recently experienced weak
economic conditions and the recent Russian invasion in Ukraine has exacerbated these conditions, including those resulting from inflation
and supply line issues. Uncertainty about global economic conditions poses a risk as businesses may postpone spending in response to tighter
credit, negative financial news and declines in income or asset values. This response could have a material adverse effect on the willingness
of parties infringing on our assets to enter into settlements or other revenue generating agreements voluntarily. 

34 

If we are unable to adequately protect our
intellectual property, we may not be able to compete effectively . Our ability to compete depends in part upon the strength
of the intellectual property and intellectual property rights that we own or may hereafter acquire in our technologies, brands and content
and our ability to protect such intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent and intellectual property laws and agreements
to establish and protect our patent, intellectual property and other proprietary rights. The efforts we take to protect our patents, intellectual
property and other proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective at stopping unauthorized use of our patents, intellectual property
and other proprietary rights. In addition, effective trademark, patent, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available or
cost-effective in every country in which we have rights. There may be instances where we are not able to protect or utilize our patent
and other intellectual property in a manner that maximizes competitive advantage. If we are unable to protect our patent assets and intellectual
property and other proprietary rights from unauthorized use, the value of those assets may be reduced, which could negatively impact our
business. Our inability to obtain appropriate protections for our intellectual property may also allow competitors to enter our markets
and produce or sell the same or similar products as those covered by our intellectual property rights. In addition, protecting our intellectual
property and intellectual property rights is expensive and diverts our critical and limited managerial resources. If any of the foregoing
were to occur, or if we are otherwise unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business and financial results
could be impaired. Commencing legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights is burdensome and expensive. In addition,
our intellectual property rights could be at risk if we are unsuccessful in, or cannot afford to pursue, those proceedings. We also rely
on trade secrets and contract law to protect some of our intellectual property rights. We will enter into confidentiality and invention
agreements with our employees and consultants. Nevertheless, these agreements may not be honored and they may not effectively protect
our right to our un-patented trade secrets and know-how. Moreover, others may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary
information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets and know-how. 

Risks Concerning our Common Stock 

There is a limited market for our common stock,
which may make it difficult for you to sell your stock . Our common stock trades on the OTCQB market under the symbol QPRC. 
The OTCQB market is not a national securities exchange and does not provide the benefits to stockholders which a national exchange provides.
Furthermore, according to the OTC Markets website, the OTCQB is for early-stage and developing U.S. and international companies.
To be eligible, companies must be current in their reporting and undergo an annual verification and management certification process.
Companies must meet 0.01 bid test and may not be in bankruptcy. There is a limited trading market for our common stock and our
common stock has frequently traded for less than 0.02. From August 28, 2020 to May 7, 2021 our common stock was delisted from the OTCQB
and traded on the OTC Pink because our stock price fell below 0.01 per share for more than 30 consecutive trading days. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common
stock to sell our common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell our common stock. Further, because of the thin float,
the reported bid and asked prices may have little relationship to the price you would pay if you wanted to buy shares or the price you
would receive if you wanted to sell shares. 

Because our common stock is a penny stock,
you may have difficulty selling our common stock in the secondary trading market . Our common stock fits the definition of a penny
stock and therefore is subject to the rules adopted by the SEC regulating broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny
stocks. The SEC rules may have the effect of reducing trading activity in our common stock making it more difficult for investors to purchase
and sell their shares. The SEC s rules require a broker or dealer proposing to effect a transaction in a penny stock to deliver
the customer a risk disclosure document that provides certain information prescribed by the SEC, including, but not limited to, the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker or dealer must also disclose the aggregate amount of any compensation received
or receivable by him in connection with such transaction prior to consummating the transaction. In addition, the SEC s rules also
require a broker or dealer to make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction before completion of the transaction. The existence of the SEC s
rules may result in a lower trading volume of our common stock and lower trading prices. Further, some broker-dealers will not process
transactions in penny stocks. Many brokers do not trade in penny stocks and stock that are not listed on a stock exchange. 

35 

Our lack of internal controls over financial
reporting may affect the market for and price of our common stock . Our disclosure controls and our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective. Since we became engaged in the intellectual property management business in 2008, we have not had the financial
resources or personnel to develop or implement systems that would provide us with the necessary information on a timely basis so as to
be able to implement financial controls. Our continued poor financial condition together with the fact that we have one full time employee,
who is both our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, makes it difficult for us to implement a system of internal controls
over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop and implement the necessary controls. The absence of
internal controls over financial reporting may inhibit investors from purchasing our shares and may make it more difficult for us to raise
debt or equity financing. 

Our lack of a full-time chief financial officer
could affect our ability to develop financial controls, which could affect the market price for our common stock . We do not have a
full-time chief financial officer. At present, our chief executive officer, who does not have an accounting background, is also acting
as our chief financial officer. We do not anticipate that we will be able to hire a qualified chief financial officer unless our financial
condition improves significantly. The lack of an experienced chief financial officer, together with our lack of internal controls, may
impair our ability to raise money through a debt or equity financing, the market for our common stock and our ability to enter into agreements
with owners of intellectual property rights. 

Our stock price may be volatile and your investment
in our common stock could suffer a decline in value . As of the date of this annual report, there has only been limited trading activity
in our common stock. There can be no assurance that any significant market will ever develop in our common stock. Because of the low public
float and the absence of any significant trading volume, the reported prices may not reflect the price at which you would be able to sell
shares if you want to sell any shares you own or buy shares if you wish to buy share. Further, stocks with a low public float may be more
subject to manipulation than a stock that has a significant public float. The price may fluctuate significantly in response to a number
of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following, in addition to the risks
described above and general market and economic conditions: 

our
low stock price, which may result in a modest dollar purchase or sale of our common stock having a disproportionately large effect on
the stock price; 

the
effect of the COVID-19 pandemic and the response to the pandemic on the market both generally and on penny stocks; 

the
market s perception as to our ability to generate positive cash flow or earnings from our intellectual property portfolios; 

changes
in our or securities analysts estimate of our financial performance; 

our
ability or perceived ability to obtain necessary financing for operations and for the monetization of our intellectual property rights; 

the
market s perception of the effects of legislation or court decisions on our business; 

the
market s perception that a defendant may obtain a judgement against a subsidiary and foreclose on the intellectual property of
the subsidiary, which may result in a default under our agreement with QFL and, even if a default is not claimed, QFL may not provide
financing for us; 

the
effects or perceived effects of the potential convertibility of convertible notes issued by us; 

the
results or anticipated results of litigation by or against us; 

the
anticipated or actual results of our operations; 

36 

events
or conditions relating to the enforcement of intellectual property rights generally; 

changes
in market valuations of other intellectual property marketing companies; 

any
discrepancy between anticipated or projected results and actual results of our operations; 

the
market s perception or our ability to continue to make our filings with the SEC in a timely manner; 

actions
by third parties to either sell or purchase stock in quantities which would have a significant effect on our stock price; and 

other
matters not within our control. 

Raising funds by issuing equity or convertible
debt securities could dilute the value of the common stock and impose restrictions on our working capital . If we were to raise additional
capital by issuing equity securities, either alone or in connection with a non-equity financing, the value of the then outstanding common
stock could decline. If the additional equity securities were issued at a per share price less than the per share value of the outstanding
shares, which is customary in the private placement of equity securities, the holders of the outstanding shares would suffer a dilution
in value with the issuance of such additional shares. Because of the low price of our stock and our working capital deficiency, the dilution
to our stockholders could be significant. We may have difficulty in raising funds through the sale of debt securities because of both
our financial position, the lack of any collateral on which a lender may place a value, and the absence of any history of significant
monetizing of our intellectual property rights. If we are able to raise funds from the sale of debt securities, the lenders may impose
restrictions on our operations and may impair our working capital as we service any such debt obligations. 

Our failure to have filed reports with the
SEC may impair the market for and the value of our common stock and may result in liability to us . We did not file reports with the
SEC from 2003 until December 2014. We filed our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 on December 15, 2014; our Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2013 on April 10, 2015; and our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 on August 18, 2015. Our failure
to have made such filings may affect both the market for our common stock and the value of our common stock as well as the willingness
of investors to purchase our stock. Further, because we did not have current information concerning our business and operations available,
we have potential liability resulting from our failure to have been current in our SEC filings, and the SEC has broad power to take action
against us for our failure to have been in compliance with the reporting requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although
the SEC permits an issuer to file an omnibus 10-K covering the periods for which filings were not made, the SEC is not foreclosed from
seeking enforcement action for our filing delinquencies. Any such action could have a material adverse effect upon us and the market for
and price of our common stock. 

Because we have a classified board of directors,
it may be more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us . As a result of the approval by our stockholders of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our board of directors is a classified board, which means that at each annual meeting, the stockholder
will vote for only one-third of the board. A classified board of directors may make it more difficult for a third party to gain control
of us which may affect the opportunity of our stockholders to receive any potential benefit which could be available from a third party
seeking to obtain control over us. 

We do not intend to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future . We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own or lease any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not Applicable 

37 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades on the OTCQB market under
the symbol QPRC. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Stockholders of Record 

As of March 22, 2022, we had 417 record holders
of our common stock. 

Transfer Agent 

Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company,
One State Street, 30th floor, New York, New York 10004-1561 is the transfer agent for our common stock. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends to date and
do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the present intention of management to utilize all
available funds for the development of our business. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Agreements 

The following table gives information concerning
common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options granted to certain officers, directors and consultants under their respective
individual compensation agreements with us as of December 31, 2021. 

Equity Compensation Agreements Information 
 
 Plan category 
 Number of 
 securities 
 to be issued 
 upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights (#) 
 Weighted- 
 average 
 exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights ) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future 
 issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans 
 (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a) (#) 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 90,000,000 
 
 176,000,000 
 
 Total 
 90,000,000 
 
 176,000,000 

38 

A summary of the status of our equity grants and
changes is set forth below: 

(1) 
 On November 10, 2017, the board of directors adopted the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant to which we can issue up to 150,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives. On February 19, 2021, the board of directors amended the Plan increasing the shares we can issue under the plan to 500,000,000 shares of common stock pursuant to non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives, and the amendment to the Plan became effective upon the closing of the agreements with QFL, which was February 22, 2021. At December 31, 2021, 176,000,000 shares are available under the plan. 

In connection with the increase in the shares
of common stock issuable pursuant to the plan, the board in 2021; 

granted restricted stock grants for 10,000,000 shares, which vested
immediately, to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants; 

granted
restricted stock grants for a total of 69,000,000 shares to our directors, Jon C. Scahill (49,000,000 shares), Timothy J. Scahill (10,000,000
shares) and Dr. William R. Carroll (10,000,000 shares) as compensation for services rendered; 

granted
a restricted stock grant to Ryan T. Logue for 5,000,000 shares upon his acceptance of his appointment as a director; 

granted
ten-year non-qualified stock options to purchase 30,000,000 shares to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants,
the options to vest as provided in their agreements; 

granted
a ten-year non-qualified stock option to purchase 60,000,000 shares to Jon C. Scahill, which vest in installments as described under
Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Recent sales of unregistered securities. 

We did not sell any unregistered securities during
since the beginning of the year ended December 31, 2021 other than issuances that were reported in our SEC filings. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. See Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of certain factors discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

Our principal operations include the development,
acquisition, licensing and enforcement of intellectual property rights that are either owned or controlled by us or one of our wholly
owned subsidiaries. We currently own, control or manage ten intellectual property portfolios, which principally consist of patent rights.
As part of our intellectual property asset management activities and in the ordinary course of our business, it has been necessary for
either us or the intellectual property owner who we represent to initiate, and it is likely to continue to be necessary to initiate, patent
infringement lawsuits and engage in patent infringement litigation. 

39 

Because of the nature of our business transactions
to date, we recognize revenues from licensing upon execution of a license agreement following settlement of litigation and not over the
life of the patent. Thus, we recognize revenue when we enter into the agreement pursuant to which we are to receive the license fee or
settlement payment. Although we intend to seek to develop portfolios of intellectual property rights that provide us for a continuing
stream of revenue, to date we have not been successful in doing so, and we cannot give you any assurance that we will be able to generate
any significant revenue from licenses that provide a continuing stream of revenue. Thus, to the extent that we continue to generate cash
from single payment licenses, our revenues can, and are likely to, vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. Our gross
profit from license fees reflects any royalties which we pay in connection with our license, including contingent legal fees and the portion
of the recovery payable to QFL and Intelligent Partners. 

Our agreements with our funding sources have typically
provided that the funding source pay the litigation costs and receive a percentage of the recovery, thus reducing our recovery in connection
with any settlement of the litigation. To the extent that our counsel represents us on a contingent fee basis, our recovery would also
be reduced by the percentage of the settlement payable to counsel. From September 2015 until December 2021, under our agreements with
QFL and Intelligent Partners, as the assignee of United Wireless, and under the terms of our agreements to purchase certain intellectual
property portfolios, a portion of our recovery may be payable to Intelligent Partners or the seller of the intellectual property rights.
All of these payments, which are reflected as cost of revenues, significantly reduce the net payment to us. 

Agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners 

On February 22, 2021, we entered into a funding
agreement with QFL and a restructure agreement with Intelligent Partners. 

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement with QFL, QFL agreed to make available
to us a financing facility of: (a) up to 25,000,000 for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that we intend to monetize,
of which 1,150,000 had been advanced at December 31, 2021 and 2,210,000 has been advanced at March 31, 2022; (b) up to 2,000,000 for
operating expenses, of which 1,000,000 had been advanced at December 31, 2021 and 1,200,000 has been advanced at March 31, 2022; and
(iii) 1,750,000 to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of our obligations to Intelligent Partners, which was paid to Intelligent
Partners at the closing. In return we transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization
of those patents. Our obligations to QFL are secured by the proceeds from the patents acquired with their funding, the patents and all
general intangibles now or hereafter arising from or related to the foregoing and the proceeds and products of the foregoing. We also
granted QFL a ten-year warrant to purchase a total of up to 96,246,246 shares of our common stock, with an exercise price of 0.0054 per
share which may be exercised from February 19, 2021 through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis, subject to certain limitations
on exercisability. The warrant also contains certain minimum ownership percentage antidilution rights pursuant to which the aggregate
number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the initial exercise of the Warrant shall not be less than 10 of the aggregate number
of outstanding shares of our capital stock (determined on a fully diluted basis) at the date of such exercise. A portion of any gain from
the sale of the shares, net of taxes and costs of exercise, realized prior to the completion of all monetization activities shall be credited
against the total return due to QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. We also granted QFL registration rights with respect to the common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and certain board observation rights. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the all of the
net proceeds from the monetization of the intellectual property acquired with funds from QFL are paid directly to QFL. After QFL has received
a negotiated rate of return, we and QFL share net proceeds equally until QFL achieves its investment return, as defined in the agreement.
Thereafter, we retain 100 of all net proceeds. Except in an Event of Default, as defined therein, all payments by us to QFL pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement are non-recourse and shall be paid only if and after net proceeds from monetization of the patent rights owned
or acquire by us are received, or to be received. 

Contemporaneously with the execution of the agreement
with QFL, we entered into a restructure agreement with Intelligent Partners to eliminate any obligations we had with respect to the
outstanding notes and the securities purchase agreement. As part of the restructure of our agreements with Intelligent Partners, we amended
the existing MPAs and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from any new intellectual property we acquire.
Under these MPAs, Intelligent Partners receives a 60 interest in the proceeds from our intellectual property owned by the eight Subsidiary
Guarantors. Intelligent Partners also participates in the monetization proceeds from new intellectual property that we acquire until the
total payments under all the monetization participation agreements equal 2,805,000, as follows: for net proceeds between 0 and 1,000,000,
Intelligent Partners receives 10 of the net proceeds realized from new patents, except that if, in any calendar quarter, net proceeds
realized by us exceed 1,000,000, Intelligent Partners entitlement for that quarter only shall increase to 30 on the portion of
net proceeds in excess of 1,000,000 but less than 3,000,000. If in the same calendar quarter, net proceeds exceed 3,000,000, Intelligent
Partners entitlement for that quarter only shall increase to 50 on the portion of net proceeds in excess of 3,000,000. The payments
with respect to the new patents terminate once total payments to Intelligent Partners under all monetization participation agreements
reach 2,805,000. The payments to Intelligent Partners with respect new patents are payable from the proceeds which are allocated to us
under the QFL agreements, which start after QFL has received a negotiated rate of return. 

40 

Inventor Royalties, Contingent Litigation Funding
Fees and Contingent Legal Expenses 

In connection with the investment in certain patents
and patent rights, certain of our operating subsidiaries executed agreements which grant to the former owners of the respective patents
or patent rights, the right to receive inventor royalties based on future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements) generated
as a result of licensing and otherwise enforcing the respective patents or patent portfolios. 

Our operating subsidiaries may engage third party
funding sources to provide funding for patent licensing and enforcement. The agreements with the third party funding sources may provide
that the funding source receives a portion of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments. In certain instances, these third party funding
sources are entitled to receive a significant percentage of any proceeds realized until the third party funder has recouped agreed upon
amounts based on formulas set forth in the underlying funding agreement, which may reduce or delay and proceeds due to us. 

Our operating subsidiaries may retain the services
of law firms in connection with their licensing and enforcement activities. These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis
whereby the law firms are paid by the funding source on a scaled percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded based
on how and when the fees, settlements or judgments are obtained. Depending on the amount of any recovery, it is possible that all the
proceeds from a specific settlement may be paid to the funding source and legal counsel. 

The economic terms of the inventor agreements,
funding agreements and contingent legal fee arrangements associated with the patent portfolios owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries,
if any, including royalty rates, proceeds sharing rates, contingent fee rates and other terms, vary across the patent portfolios owned
or controlled by the operating subsidiaries. Inventor royalties, payments to non-controlling interests, payments to third party funding
providers and contingent legal fees expenses fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms
and conditions of revenue agreements executed each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios with varying economic terms and obligations
generating revenues each period. Inventor royalties, payments to third party funding sources and contingent legal fees expenses will continue
to fluctuate and may continue to vary significantly period to period, based primarily on these factors. 

In December 2018, we entered into a funding agreement
whereby a third party agreed to provide funds to us to enable us to support our structured licensing programs for the CMOS and M-RED portfolios.
Under the funding agreement, the third party receives an interest in the proceeds from the programs, and we have no other obligation to
the third party. As of December 31, 2021, the third-party funding source advanced 150,000 for costs and expenses, and has no further
obligation to provide additional funds. Under the terms of the funding agreement, the third-party funder is entitled to a priority return
of funds advanced from net proceeds recovered. There are not pending actions. 

In connection with any litigation seeking to enforce
our intellectual property rights, it is possible that a defendant may request and/or a court may rule that an operating subsidiary has
violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing standards relating to the substantive
or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions against us or its operating subsidiaries
or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to a defendant(s), which could be material, and if required to be paid by us or its operating
subsidiaries, could materially harm our operating results and financial position. Since the operating subsidiaries do not have any assets
other than the patents, and the Company does not have any available financial resources to pay any judgment which a defendant may obtain
against a subsidiary, such a judgement may result in the bankruptcy of the subsidiary and/or the loss of the patents, which are the subsidiaries 
only assets. 

At present, we are pursuing litigation with respect
to several of our intellectual property portfolios. The actions are described in Item 1. Business. We cannot estimate when or whether
we will receive any revenue from these litigations, or whether, in the event we do not prevail, the defendant will not obtain an award
of legal fees against our plaintiff subsidiary which could result in the bankruptcy of the subsidiary and a default under our agreements
with QFL and Intelligent Partners. 

41 

Restricted Stock Grants and Options 

In February 2021, we issued restricted stock grants
to consultants (30,000,000 shares) and to our officers and directors (74,000,000 shares) all of which vested immediately. The value of
the shares is be reflected as non-cash compensation in 2021. Also in February 2021, we granted restricted stock options to consultants
(90,000,000 shares) and to our chief executive officer (60,000,000 shares). With respect to two of the consultants and the chief executive
officer the options become cumulatively exercisable as follows: 1/3 rd at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, becoming exercisable
upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB; 1/3 rd at an exercise price of 0.03 per share becoming exercisable
on the first day on which we file with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q with stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000; and 1/3 rd
 at an exercise price of 0.05 per share on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or
the New York Stock Exchange. We will incur non-cash compensation with respect to the value of the options, based of Black-Scholes valuation,
as the options become exercisable. 

Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

The following table shows the revenue and operating
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Year ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Revenues (patent licensing fees) 
 2,050,000 
 5,488,088 
 
 Cost of revenue (litigation and licensing expenses) 
 1,314,928 
 4,692,969 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 3,848,611 
 1,513,822 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 5,163,539 
 6,206,791 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (3,113,539 
 (718,703 

Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2021
were 2,050,000, as compared with 5,488,088 in 2020, a decrease of 3,438,088, or approximately 63 . The decrease in 2021 principally
reflects a decrease in patent licensing fees of 3,438,088, or 63 . Our licensing fees reflect the settlement of litigation for infringement
of our patent rights. These fees are one-time fees, with the result that there is no continuity of revenues from period to period, and
any revenue we generate in future periods will be solely dependent upon the results of pending and future litigation. We did not generate
any revenue during the fourth quarter of 2020 or the first three quarters of 2021. We cannot assure you that we will generate any revenue
from patent licensing fees in the future. The patent licensing fees of 2,050,000 in 2021 resulted from the licensing and settlements
of the CXT Portfolio, the M-RED Portfolio, the Peregrin Portfolio and the Soundstreak Portfolio litigations. The patent licensing fees
for 2020 resulted from licensing and settlements of Power Management/Bus Control Portfolio, the CXT Portfolio, the MRED Portfolio and
the Financial Data Portfolio. Because we were in default under our loans to Intelligent Partners (as successor to United Wireless), with
Intelligent Partners having the ability to declare a default on our notes in the principal amount of 4,672,810, with the possibility
of our seeking protection under the Bankruptcy Act, we ceased our monetization activities, since no counsel would represent us on a contingent
basis in view of the default and possible bankruptcy, and devoted our efforts in negotiating the agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners.
We resumed our efforts to monetize our intellectual property when we signed the agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners in February
2021. Our revenue, at least in the near future if not longer, may be affected by factors relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and other domestic
and international issues, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

42 

Cost of revenues for 2021 was 1,314,928 which
we incurred in connection with our pending litigations and fees we pay to litigation funding sources, legal counsel, prior owners and
pursuant to monetization proceeds agreements in connection with CXT Portfolio, M-RED Portfolio, Peregrin Portfolio and Soundstreak Portfolio
licenses. Cost of revenue for 2021 decreased approximately 72 from cost of revenue for 2020, reflecting the decline in revenue and the
difference in the components of cost of revenue. Cost of revenue for 2020 was 4,692,969 of litigation and licensing fees paid to litigation
funding sources and legal counsel in connection with the Power Management/Bus Control, the CXT Portfolio, the M-RED Portfolio and the
Financial Data Portfolio licensing programs. 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses
for 2021 increased by approximately 2,335,000, or by approximately 154 , from approximately 1,514,000 in 2020 to approximately 3,849,000
in 2021. Our principal selling, general and administrative expense for 2021 was stock-based compensation of approximately 1,916,000 resulting
from stock and options granted to officers, directors and consultants. We did not incur stock-based compensation in 2020. Our principal
selling, general and administrative expense for 2020 was amortization expense of approximately 648,000 relating to amortization of our
patent portfolios. Amortization expense for 2021 was approximately 1,160,000 

Other income (expense) for 2021 included an approximately 730,000
loss on the extinguishment of debt, an approximately 306,000 loss on conversion of debt and warrant expense of approximately 1,155,000.
The warrants issued to QFL were accounted for as liabilities and the warrant liability is fair valued at each reporting period. The change
in fair market value between reporting periods is recorded as other income. Other income (expense) for 2021 included an increase in the
fair value of the warrant liability of approximately 481,000. We realized a gain of approximately 275,000 on derivative liability in
the comparable period of 2020, which related to our obligations under our agreements with Intellectual Partners as transferee of United
Wireless. In connection with the termination of our obligations under the United Wireless notes, the associated derivative liability was
settled and written off to additional paid in capital and commencing in 2021, we no longer have a derivative liability. See Note 4 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Other income also reflects a gain on forgiveness of debt of approximately
 3,593,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 which represents the gain on resolution of the disputed and unpaid legal services performed
our former legal counsel for services relating to the monetization of our intellectual property rights and the gain on forgiveness of
debt resulting from amendment to our agreements with IV. The gain on forgiveness was offset by a loss on impairment of assets of approximately
 1,652,000 associated with the write down of the Power Management/Bus Controller, CXT and M-RED portfolios resulting from our decision
to no longer allocate resources to their monetization. 

Other income also reflects interest expense of
approximately 292,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 which reflects the accrued interest payable on the principal amount of QFL
facility. Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately 804,000 which reflects the interest accrued on our
note to Intelligent Partners. The decrease in interest expense reflects the termination of accrued interest upon maturity on our note
to Intelligent Partners. 

We had an income tax expense of approximately
 2,000 for 2021 as compared with approximately 65,000 in 2020. The income tax expense in 2020 results primarily from foreign taxes paid
with respect to certain of our settlement agreements. 

As a result of the foregoing, we had a net loss
of approximately 4,155,000, or 0.01 per share (basic and diluted) for 2021 compared to net loss of approximately 1,313,000, or 0.00
per share (basic and diluted), for 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2021, we had current assets of
approximately 277,000, current liabilities of approximately 8,403,000. Our current liabilities include liabilities of 3,203,000 payable
to QFL, a non-interest bearing total monetization proceeds obligation (the TMPO to Intelligent Partners in the amount of
 2,805,000 under the Restructure Agreement, which is only payable from money generated from the monetization of intellectual property,
loans payable of 138,000 due to former directors and minority stockholders and accrued interest of approximately 492,000. As of December
31, 2021, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately 25,436,000 and a negative working capital of approximately 8,126,000. Other
than salary to our chief executive officer, we do not contemplate any other material operating expense in the near future other than normal
general and administrative expenses, including expenses relating to our status as a public company filing reports with the SEC and the
amortization of stock-based equity issued to consultants, which is a non-cash item. Because our agreements with our litigation funding
sources do not require us to make any payments relating to the litigation, we do not incur expenses with respect to litigation covered
by the funding sources. As of December 31, 2021, there was approximately 1,132,000 of unrecognized compensation expense related to nonvested
stock option awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average expected term of 8 years. 

43 

As a result of our restructure of our agreement
with Intelligent Partners, the outstanding notes to Intelligent Partners were cancelled and replaced with agreements that provide for
payments if we receive proceeds from our intellectual property as described above under Agreements for QFL and Intelligent Partners. 

The following table shows the summary cash flows
for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 

Year ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 (49,673 
 (246,304 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 (1,150,000 
 (95,000 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 1,216,651 
 51,968 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 16,978 
 (289,336 
 
 Cash at beginning of year 
 247,862 
 537,198 
 
 Cash at end of year 
 264,840 
 247,862 

For 2021, we used approximately 50,000 in operations.
Our cash flow used in operations for 2021 reflected our loss of approximately 4,155,000, which was offset principally by a loss on impairment
of assets of approximately 1,652,000, stock based compensation of approximately 1,916,000, amortization of intangible assets of approximately
 1,160,000, warrant expense of approximately 1,155,000, a decrease in accounts receivable of approximately 1,032,000, a decrease in
accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 1,037,000, a loss on debt extinguishment of approximately 730,000, a loss on
warrant liability of approximately 481,000 and a loss on conversion of debt of approximately 306,000, and increased by a gain on forgiveness
of debt of approximately 1,850,000 and a gain on settlement of accounts payable of approximately 1,726,000. 

For 2020, we used approximately 246,000 in operations.
Our cash flow used in operations for 2020 reflected our loss of approximately 1,300,000, and the amount used in operations increased
primarily by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of approximately 471,000, and the gain on derivative liability of 275,000
offset by a decrease in accounts receivable of approximately 750,000, depreciation and amortization of approximately 648,000, amortization
of debt discount of approximately 435,000 and bad debt expense of 66,000. 

Cash flow from financing activities in 2021 included proceeds from
a third-party loan of approximately 3,900,000 offset by the payment of the purchase price of patents of approximately 924,000, payment
of 1,750,000 of a loan from a related party from the proceeds of the third-party loan and the payment of 9,000 of a loan from a third
party. 

Cash flow from financing activities for 2020 reflected
the proceeds of an SBA loan of approximately 172,000, the payment of the purchase price of patents of approximately 194,000 and proceeds
from the sale of future revenues of approximately 95,000 offset by payment made on the sale of future revenues of approximately 20,000.
Under the agreement with the litigation funder, the third party lender receives an interest in the proceeds. 

In 2021 and 2020, cash flow from investing activities
included 1,150,000 and 95,000, respectively for the purchase of patents from third parties. 

44 

In 2021, non-cash investing and financing activities
consisted of shares issued for conversion of debt of approximately 556,000, interest added to principal of approximately 6,000 and options
granted for settlement of debt of approximately 598,000. In 2020, non-cash investing and financing activities consisted of resolution
of derivative liability of 320,000 and interest added to principal of approximately 3,000. 

We cannot assure you that we will be successful
in generating future revenues, in obtaining additional debt or equity financing or that such additional debt or equity financing will
be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or that we will be able to obtain any third party funding in connection with any of
our intellectual property portfolios. 

We cannot predict the success of any pending or
future litigation seeking to enforce our intellectual property rights. 

In February 2021, we signed a funding agreement
with QFL, as described in Agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners above and in Summary of Agreements with QFL 
in Item 1. Business. 

As noted below, there is a substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates including the allowance for doubtful
accounts, the salability and recoverability of our products, income taxes and contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form our basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Principles of Consolidation 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with US GAAP and present the financial statements of us and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. In the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements, intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated. 

Use of Estimates and Assumptions 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Revenue Recognition 

Patent Licensing Fees 

Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control
of promised bundled intellectual property rights and other contractual performance obligations to licensees in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those intellectual property rights. Revenue contracts that provide promises to
grant the right to use intellectual property rights as they exist at the point in time at which the intellectual property
rights are granted, are accounted for as performance obligations satisfied at a point in time and revenue is recognized at the point in
time that the applicable performance obligations are satisfied and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. 

For the periods presented, revenue contracts executed
by the Company primarily provided for the payment of contractually determined, one-time, paid-up license fees in consideration for the
grant of certain intellectual property rights for patented technologies owned or controlled by the Company s operating subsidiaries.
Intellectual property rights granted included the following, as applicable: (i) the grant of a non-exclusive, retroactive and future
license to manufacture and/or sell products covered by patented technologies, (ii) a covenant-not-to-sue, (iii) the release of the licensee
from certain claims, and (iv) the dismissal of any pending litigation. The intellectual property rights granted were perpetual in
nature, extending until the legal expiration date of the related patents. The individual intellectual property rights are not accounted
for as separate performance obligations, as (a) the nature of the promise, within the context of the contract, is to transfer combined
items to which the promised intellectual property rights are inputs and (b) the Company s promise to transfer each individual intellectual
property right described above to the customer is not separately identifiable from other promises to transfer intellectual property rights
in the contract. 

45 

Since the promised intellectual property rights
are not individually distinct, the Company combined each individual IP right in the contract into a bundle of IP rights that is distinct,
and accounted for all of the intellectual property rights promised in the contract as a single performance obligation. The intellectual
property rights granted were functional IP rights that have significant standalone functionality. The Company s subsequent
activities do not substantively change that functionality and do not significantly affect the utility of the IP to which the licensee
has rights. The Company s subsidiaries have no further obligation with respect to the grant of intellectual property rights, including
no express or implied obligation to maintain or upgrade the technology, or provide future support or services. The contracts provide for
the grant (i.e. transfer of control) of the licenses, covenants-not-to-sue, releases, and other significant deliverables upon execution
of the contract. Licensees legally obtain control of the intellectual property rights upon execution of the contract. As such, the
earnings process is complete and revenue is recognized upon the execution of the contract, when collectability is probable and all other
revenue recognition criteria have been met. Revenue contracts generally provide for payment of contractual amounts within 30-90 days of
execution of the contract. Contractual payments made by licensees are generally non-refundable. We do not have any significant payment
terms, as payment is received shortly after goods are delivered or services are provided, therefore there is no significant financing
component or consideration payable to the customer in these transactions. 

Cost of Revenues 

Cost of revenues include the costs and expenses
incurred in connection with our patent licensing and enforcement activities, including inventor royalties paid to original patent owners,
contingent litigation funding fees, contingent legal fees paid to external patent counsel, other patent-related legal expenses paid to
external patent counsel, licensing and enforcement related research, consulting and other expenses paid to third-parties and the amortization
of patent-related investment costs. These costs are included under the caption Cost of revenues in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. No such fees are recognized as a cost of revenue to the extent that we have no obligation with respect to fees
prior to a settlement or license. 

Inventor Royalties, Contingent Litigation Funding
Fees and Contingent Legal Expenses. 

Inventor royalties are expensed in the consolidated
statements of operations in the period that the related revenues are recognized. Contingent litigation funding and legal fees are expensed
in the consolidated statements of operations in the period that the related revenues are recognized. In instances where there are no recoveries
from potential infringers, no contingent litigation funding fees are due. 

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable, which generally relate to
licensed sales, are presented on the balance sheet net of estimated uncollectible amounts. The Company records an allowance for estimated
uncollectible accounts in an amount approximating anticipated losses. Individual uncollectible accounts are written off against the allowance
when collection of the individual accounts appears doubtful. We recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of 0 and 66,000 as of December
31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 

Intangible Assets 

Intangible assets consist of patents which are
amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives or statutory lives whichever is shorter and are reviewed for
impairment upon any triggering event that may give rise to the assets ultimate recoverability as prescribed under the guidance related
to impairment of long-lived assets. Costs incurred to acquire patents, including legal costs, are also capitalized as long-lived assets
and amortized on a straight-line basis with the associated patent. 

46 

Patents include the cost of patents or patent
rights (collectively patents acquired from third-parties or acquired in connection with business combinations. Patent acquisition
costs are amortized utilizing the straight-line method over their remaining economic useful lives, ranging from one to twenty years. Certain
patent application and prosecution costs incurred to secure additional patent claims, that based on management s estimates are deemed
to be recoverable, are capitalized and amortized over the remaining estimated economic useful life of the related patent portfolio. 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment
in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable through the estimated undiscounted
cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets. Whenever any such impairment exists, an impairment
loss will be recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. In the event that management decides to no
longer allocate resources to a patent portfolio, an impairment loss equal to the remaining carrying value of the asset is recorded. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, the we recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately 1,652,000 to write down finite lived intangible
assets in the Power Management/Bus Controller, CXT and M-RED portfolios. See Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Warrant liability 

We reflect a warrant liability with respect to
warrants for which number of shares underlying the warrants is not fixed until the date of the initial exercise. The amount of the liability
is determined at the end of each fiscal period and the period to period change in the amount of warrant liability is reflected as a gain
or loss in warrant liability and is include under other income (expense). See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , for assets and liabilities measured at fair value
on a recurring basis. ASC 820 establishes a common definition for fair value to be applied to existing US GAAP that require the use of
fair value measurements which establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure about such fair value measurements. 

ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would
be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. Additionally, ASC 820 requires the use of valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of
unobservable inputs. These inputs are prioritized below: 

Level 1: 
 Observable inputs such as quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities 

Level 2: 
 Observable market-based inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data 

Level 3: 
 Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data, which require the use of the reporting entity s own assumptions. 

In addition, FASB ASC 825-10-25 Fair Value
Option was effective for January 1, 2008. ASC 825-10-25 expands opportunities to use fair value measurements in financial reporting
and permits entities to choose to measure many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value. 

Income Tax 

We record revenues on a gross basis, before deduction
for income taxes. We incurred income tax expenses of approximately 2,000 and 65,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

47 

Stock-based Compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation pursuant
to ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all stock-based
payment transactions in which employee services, and, since January1, 2019, non-employee services, are acquired. Transactions include
incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans
and stock appreciation rights. Stock-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, are recognized as compensation
expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is
required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period). 

Business Combinations 

The acquisition of STX and LS Cloud Storage Technologies,
LLC LSC were accounted for in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). ASC 805 provides,
among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed constitute a business. If the assets acquired are not a business,
the reporting entity shall account for the transaction or other event as an asset acquisition which are accounted for using a cost accumulation
and allocation model under which the cost of the acquisition is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The STX and
LSC were recorded as asset acquisitions. See Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Gain from Cancelation of Indebtedness 

We recognized a gain from the elimination of liability
for minimum cumulative net proceeds distributions constituting a portion of the purchase price due to the seller of two of our patent
portfolios and the reduction of liability for legal services resulting from the settlement of our recorded obligation for unpaid legal
services. See Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that there are any
recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards which, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s
financial statements. 

Going Concern 

We have an accumulated deficit of approximately
 25.4 million and negative working capital of approximately 8.1 million as of December 31, 2021. Because of our continuing losses, our
working capital deficiency, the uncertainty of future revenue, the possible effect of a judgement against one or more of our subsidiaries
for legal fees; our low stock price and the absence of a trading market in our common stock, our ability to raise funds in equity market
or from lenders is severely impaired. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Although
we may seek to raise funds and to obtain third party funding for litigation to enforce its intellectual property rights, the availability
of such funds in uncertain, and our use of the funds from funding sources relating to the monetization of our intellectual property may
not be available for working capital purposes. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The financial statements start on Page F-1. 

48 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

On June 7, 2021, MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey advised
us that it was resigning, effective June 7, 2021, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. During our two
most recent fiscal years and any subsequent interim period through the date of such resignation, there were no disagreements with MaloneBailey
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of MaloneBailey would have caused them to make reference thereto in connection with their report on
the financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Further, during such period, there were no reportable events
of the type described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except for the material weaknesses described in Item 9A of the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Management s Conclusions Regarding Effectiveness
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure Controls ), as defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of December 31, 2021, the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was done under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, who is the same person and our sole full-time employee.
There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. Based upon this evaluation, our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, due to our limited internal audit function and our very limited staff, our
disclosure controls were not effective as of December 31, 2021, such that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the chief executive officer/chief financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. During our assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, management identified material weaknesses related to (i) our internal
audit functions (ii) inadequate levels of review of the financial statements and (iii) a lack of segregation of duties within accounting
functions. Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2021. 

Management has determined that our internal controls
contain material weaknesses due to the absence of segregation of duties, as well as lack of qualified accounting personnel and excessive
reliance on third party consultants for accounting, financial reporting and related activities. The lack of any separation of duties,
with the same person, who is our only full time employee, serving as both chief executive officer and chief financial officer, and who
does not have an accounting background, makes it unlikely that we will be able to implement effective internal controls over financial
reporting in the near future. 

49 

Due to our size and nature, segregation of all
conflicting duties is not possible. However, to the extent possible, we plan to implement procedures to assure that the initiation of
transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions will be performed by separate individuals if and when we have sufficient
income to enable us to hire such individuals, and we cannot give any assurance that we will be able to hire such personnel. Since we became
engaged in the intellectual property management business in 2008 we have not had the financial resources to develop or implement systems
that would provide us with the necessary information on a timely basis so as to be able to implement financial controls. Our financial
condition makes it difficult for us to implement a system of internal controls over financial reporting. 

Until we generate significantly greater revenues
and employ accounting personnel, it is doubtful that we will be able implement any system which provides us with any degree of internal
controls over financial reporting. Due to the nature of this material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, there
is more than a remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to our annual or interim financial statements could not be
prevented or detected. 

A material weakness (within the meaning of PCAOB
Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting
that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of our financial
reporting. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting. 

During the period ended December 31, 2021, there
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table presents information with
respect to our officers, directors: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 
 
 45 
 
 Chief executive officer, president, acting chief financial officer, secretary and director 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 
 
 54 
 
 Chief technology officer and director 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 
 
 41 
 
 Director 

Prior to January 2016, our directors were elected
to serve for a term of one year until our next annual meeting of the stockholders or unless he resigns earlier. On January 22, 2016, following
approval by the stockholders, we amended and restated our certificate of incorporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides for a classified board of directors. Our classified board of directors has three classes of directors Class I directors,
Class II directors and Class III directors. The Class I director has a term of which expired in 2020, the Class II director has a term
which expired in 2018, and the Class III director has a term which expired in 2019. Directors are elected for a term of three years. Since
we did not have an annual meeting of stockholders in 2018, 2019 and 2020, the Class I, Class II and Class III directors continue in office
until the next meeting of stockholders, at which all directors will be elected. 

Jon C. Scahill, a Class I director, has been president
and chief executive officer since January 2014 and a director since 2007. He was appointed secretary in April 2014. He also served as
president and chief operating officer from May 2007 to December 2013. From December 2006 to May 2007, Mr. Scahill was founder and managing
director of the Urban-Rigney Group, LLC, a private consultancy specializing in new business/new venture development, operations optimization,
and strategic analysis. Prior to launching his consultancy business, Mr. Scahill held numerous positions in sales and marketing, technical
management, and product development in the consumer products/flexible packaging arena. Mr. Scahill holds a B.S. in chemical engineering
from the University of Rochester, an MBA in finance, strategy and operations from Rochester s Simon Graduate School of Business
and a JD from Pace Law School. Mr. Scahill is admitted to practice in New York, Florida and the District of Columbia, and he is a registered
patent attorney admitted to practice before the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

51 

Timothy J. Scahill, a Class II director, has a
director since October 2014 and our chief technology officer since 2007. Mr. Scahill is also currently a managing partner of Managed Services
Team LLC, an IT services provider. Prior to Managed Services Team, he was president of Layer 8 Group, Inc. from August 2005 to December
2012, at which time Layer 8 merged with Structured Technologies Inc. to form Managed Services Team LLC. In his roles he has taken the
responsibility for business strategy, acquisition, execution, as well as financial management. His entrepreneurial acumen and proven record
of successful management with sole discretionary responsibility, demonstrate the scope of his capability and his value to delivering results.
He serves on the boards of the Upstate New York Technology Council, is an investor in Greater Rochester Enterprise, Pariemus Rochester
and also serves on the Corporate Advisory Board for Habitat for Humanity. He is a member of Greater Rochester Enterprise and CEO Roundtable
Chair. 

Dr. William Ryall Carroll, a Class III director,
has been a director since October 2014. Dr. Carroll has been associate professor and chairman of the marketing department at St. John s
University College of Business since July 2014. From September 2008 until June 2014, Dr. Carroll was an assistant professor in the marketing
department of St. John s University College of Business. Dr. Carroll is founder, chief executive officer and owner of Raiserve Inc.,
a web-based platform for monetizing non-profit programmatic work in the area of service formed in October 2014. Dr. Carroll s research
focuses on consumer behavior and behavioral decision theory. Dr. Carroll s work has been published in top academic journals including
the Journal of Advertising, Marketing Letters, as well in books such as Psycholinguistic Phenomena in Marketing Communications. In addition
to his research Dr. Carroll has taught Marketing at the executive, graduate and undergraduate level across in the United States, Europe
and Asia. Prior to pursuing his academic career, Dr. Carroll held various marketing positions at NOP Worldwide Marketing Research Company
and Ralston Purina Company. Dr. Carroll earned his BA in Economics from the University of Rochester, his MS in Marketing Research from
the University of Texas in Arlington, and his PhD from City University of New York Baruch College. 

Ryan T. Logue, a Class I director, is an investment
advisory representative Lincoln Investment, a position he has held since 2019. Prior to joining Lincoln Investment, he spent 16 years
with Morgan Stanley in the private wealth management department. Mr. Logue has spent the majority of his career focused on investing in
both public and private opportunities department. Mr. Logue graduated with a BA from Colgate University and an MBA from Columbia University
and has previously served on the board of the Columbia Alumni Association of Fairfield County. 

Timothy J. Scahill and Jon C. Scahill are first
cousins. 

Director Independence 

Dr. Carroll and Mr. Logue are independent 
directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards of the NYSE. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a code of ethics that
applies to our principal executive officers, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions, since we have been focusing our efforts on developing our business. We expect to adopt a code as we develop our business. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

We do not have any committees of our board of
directors. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, requires executive officers and directors of issuers whose securities are registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange
Act and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial
ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of the our common stock and other equity securities,
on Form 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Because our common stock is not registered pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act, our officers, directors
and 10 stockholders are not required to make such filings. 

52 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

The following summary compensation table sets
forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, earned
by or paid to our executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 Options/ Warrant Awards 
 Non-Equity Plan Compensation 
 Nonqualified Deferred Earnings 
 All Other Compensation (3) 
 Total 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Jon Scahill, 
 2021 
 300,000 
 - 
 588,000(1) 
 240,000 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 58,000 
 1,186,000 
 
 CEO and President 
 2020 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 57,000 
 357,000 

(1) 
 Represents the value of 49,000,000 shares granted Mr. Scahill in 2021 

(2) 
 Represents the value of an option to purchase 20,000,000 shares of
common stock 

(3) 
 Represents the payments made by the Company under the SEP IRA adopted in March 2020 

Employment Agreements 

Pursuant to the restated employment agreement,
dated November 30, 2014, we agreed to employ Jon C. Scahill as president and chief executive officer for a term of three years, commencing
January 1, 2014, and continuing on a year-to-year basis unless terminated by either party on not less than 90 days notice prior
to the expiration of the initial term or any one-year extension. The agreement provides for an annual salary of 252,000, which may be
increased, but not decreased, by the board or the compensation committee. In March 2016, the board of directors increased Mr. Scahill s
annual salary to 300,000, effective January 1, 2016. Mr. Scahill is entitled to a bonus if we meet or exceed performance criteria established
by the compensation committee. In August 2016, the board of directors approved annual bonus compensation to Mr. Scahill equal to 30 of
the amount by which our consolidated income before income taxes exceeds 500,000, but, if we are subject to the limitation on deductibility
of executive compensation pursuant to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the bonus cannot exceed the amount which would be deductible
pursuant to Section 162(m). Mr. Scahill is also eligible to participate in any executive incentive plans which we may adopt. Pursuant
to the agreement, we issued to Mr. Scahill warrants to purchase 60,000,000 shares, representing the warrants that had been previously
covered in his prior employment agreement but which had never been issued, and we issued to Mr. Scahill a restricted stock grant for 30,000,000
shares which vested on January 15, 2015. In the event that we terminate Mr. Scahill s employment other than for cause or as a result
of his death or disability, we will pay him severance equal to his salary for the balance of the term and, if he received a bonus for
the previous year, an amount equal to that bonus, as well as continuation of his insurance benefits. Mr. Scahill also waived accrued compensation
of 1,167,705, representing his accrued salary for periods prior to January 1, 2014. The restated employment agreement also includes mutual
general releases between Mr. Scahill and us. In March 2020, the Company adopted a SEP IRA plan for its employees. Mr. Scahill is our only
employee covered by the plan. 

Pension Benefits 

In March 2020, we adopted a SEP IRA plan for our
employees pursuant to which we deposit into a SEP IRA account of each of our participating employees a percentage of the employee s
compensation, subject to statutory limitations on the amount of the contribution all as set forth in the IRS Form 5305-SEP presented to
and reviewed by the directors of this Corporation. For the year ending December 31, 2021 the percentage was set at 19 . Mr. Scahill is
our only employee covered by the plan. 

53 

2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

On November 10, 2017, the board of directors adopted
the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan pursuant to which 150,000,000 shares of common stock may be issued. In February
2021, the board amended the Plan to increase the number of shares subject to the plan to 500,000,000. Set forth below is a summary of
the plan, as amended, but this summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the plan, a copy of which is included
as an exhibit to this annual report. 

The plan provides for the grant of non-qualified
options, stock grants and other equity-based incentives to employees, including officers, directors and consultants. 

On February 19, 2021, the board of directors: 

granted restricted stock grants for 10,000,000 shares, which vested in full immediately upon issuance, to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants; 

granted restricted stock grants for a total of 69,000,000 shares, which vested in full immediately upon issuance, to our directors, Jon C. Scahill (49,000,000 shares), Timothy J. Scahill (10,000,000 shares) and Dr. William R. Carroll (10,000,000 shares) as compensation for services rendered; 

granted a restricted stock grant to Ryan T. Logue for 5,000,000 shares upon his acceptance of his appointment as a director; 

granted non-qualified ten-year stock options to purchase 30,000,000 shares to each of three consultants pursuant to agreements with the consultants, the options to vest as provided in their agreements. 

granted a non-qualified ten-year stock option to purchase 60,000,000 shares to Jon C. Scahill, which vest in installments as described under Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The options granted to two of the consultants become exercisable as
follows: 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share becoming exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, becoming exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000, and 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.05 per share becoming exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

54 

The options granted the third consultant become exercisable as follows: 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share became exercisable
on February 22, 2022, which was the first anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.03 per share upon the second anniversary of the date of the agreement; and 

10,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.05 per share upon the third anniversary of the date of the agreement. 

The options granted to Jon C. Scahill become exercisable
as follows: 

20,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.01 per share becoming exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB, which occurred on May 7, 2021. 

20,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, becoming exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000, and 

20,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 0.05/share becoming exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth information as to the outstanding equity
awards granted to and held by the officers named in the Summary Compensation Table as of December 31, 2021. 

Option awards 
 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 options (#) exercisable 
 Number of 
 securities underlying unexercised options (#) 
 unexercisable 
 Equity incentive plan awards: Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised 
 unearned 
 options 
(#) 
 Option 
 exercise 
 price ) 
 Option 
 expiration Date 
 Number 
 of shares 
 or units 
 of stock 
 that 
 have 
 not 
 vested (#) 
 Market 
 value of 
 shares 
 of units 
 of stock 
 that 
have 
not 
 vested ) 
 Equity incentive plan 
 awards: 
 Number 
 of 
 unearned 
 shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity incentive plan 
 awards: 
 Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) 

Jon Scahill 
 20,000,000 (1) 
 
 20,000,000 (2) 
 0.01 
 2/22/2031 

20,000,000 (3) 
 0.03 

0.05 

(1) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February 22, 2021 at an exercise price of 0.01 per share becoming exercisable upon the commencement of trading of the Common Stock on the OTCQB. The Company regained such compliance on May 7, 2021, at which time the common stock recommenced trading on the OTCQB. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February 22, 2021 at an exercise price of 0.03 per share, becoming exercisable on the first day on which the Company files with the SEC a Form 10-K or Form 10-Q which stockholders equity of at least 5,000,000 
 
 (3) 
 Represents 20,000,000 shares granted to Mr. Scahill on February 22, 2021 at an exercise price of 0.05 per share becoming exercisable on the date on which the Common Stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market or the New York Stock Exchange 

55 

Directors Compensation 

We do not have any agreements or formal plan for
compensating our directors for their service in their capacity as directors, although our board has, and may in the future, award stock
grants or options to purchase shares of common stock to our directors. 

The following table provides information concerning
the compensation of each member of our board of directors whose compensation is not included in the Summary Compensation Table for his
services as a director for 2020. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock Awards 
 Total 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 
 - 
 120,000 
 120,000 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 - 
 120,000 
 120,000 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 
 - 
 60,000 
 60,000 

The amount under Stock Awards reflects the value
of the stock issued to the named directors. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides information as to
shares of common stock beneficially owned as of March 31, 2022, by: 

Each director; 

Each current officer named in the summary compensation table; 

Each person owning of record or known by us, based on information provided to us by the persons named below, at least 5 of our common stock; and 

All directors and officers as a group. 

For purposes of the following table, beneficial
ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or sole or shared investment power with
respect to a security, or any combination thereof, and the right to acquire such power (for example, through the exercise of warrants
granted by us) within 60 days of March 31, 2022. 

Name and Address (1) of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 of 
Class 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 
 160,000,000 
 28.9 
 
 Andrew C. Fitton (2) 300 Bowie St., Apt. 2803 Austin, TX 78703 
 117,407,407 
 22.0 
 
 Intelligent Partners, LLC (3) 300 Bowie St., Apt. 2803 Austin, TX 78703 
 50,000,000 
 8.6 
 
 Michael R. Carper (4) 13218 Tamayo Drive Austin, TX 78729 
 78,888,889 
 14.8 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 15,484,633 
 2.9 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 
 15,105,000 
 2.8 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 
 5,497,624 
 1.0 
 
 All officers and directors as a group (four individuals) 
 196,087,257 
 35.4 

(1) 
 The address of Jon C. Scahill, Dr. Carroll, Timothy J. Scahill and Ryan T. Logue is c/o Quest Patent Research Corporation, 411 Theodore Fremd Ave., Suite 206S, Rye, New York 10580-1411. 

(2) 
 Represents (a) 67,407,407 shares owned by Mr. Fitton and (b) 50,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of an option held by Intelligent Partners. 

(3) 
 Represents 50,000,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of options held by Intelligent Partners. Andrew C. Fitton and Michael R. Carper, as the members of Intelligent Partners, have the right to vote and dispose of the shares owned by Intelligent Partners. 

(4) 
 Represents (a) 28,888,889 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Carper and (b) 50,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of an option held by Intelligent Partners. 

56 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Transactions 

In prior periods, we incurred interest expense
on our 10 notes issued to United Wireless pursuant to the securities purchase agreement dated October 22, 2015 more fully described in
our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. The notes were extinguished in February 2021 and we did not incur
interest expense on the notes for the year ended December 31, 2021. The interest expense was approximately 351,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2020. 

Reference is made to the discussion of our agreements
with Intelligent Partners, Mr. Fitton and Mr. Carper under Item 1. Business Summary of Agreements with Intelligent Partners 
and Agreements with QFL and Intelligent Partners in Item 7. 

Managed Services Team LLC, an entity for which
Timothy Scahill, our chief technology officer and a director, is a managing partner, provides information technology services to us. We
are obligated to pay for these services at usual and customary rates. The cost of these services was approximately 434 and 464 for the
year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

During 2021, we contracted with a law firm more
than 10 owned, but not controlled, by the father-in-law of the chief executive officer. The firm is engaged on a contingent fee basis
and serves as escrow agent in connection with monetization of our patents in matters where the firm is serving as counsel to us. In connection
with the engagement, we recorded patent service costs of approximately 763,000 and 909,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020 respectively. The amount recorded in 2020 includes approximately 407,000 in accrued expenses and outstanding as of December 31,
2020. The accrued liability is recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The accrued liability was resolved
as part of a resolution with the firm at which the father-in-law of the chief executive was formerly a partner. In prior periods, we engaged
a firm at which the father-in-law of the chief executive was formerly a partner. Because his interest in the prior firm was less than
10 , the prior firm was not considered a related party in prior periods. 

Director Independence 

Dr. Carroll and Mr. Logue are independent 
directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards of the NYSE. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the fees billed by our independent accountants,
MaloneBailey for 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, and Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. RRBB for the remainder of 2021
for the categories of services indicated. 

Fiscal Year Ended 
December 31 

2021 

2020 

Audit fees MaloneBailey 

71,000 

58,360 

Audit fees RRBB 

20,000 

Audit related fees 

- 

- 

Tax fees 

- 

- 

All other fees Malone Bailey 

6,500 

- 

Audit fees consist of fees related to professional
services rendered in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements. 

All other fees relate to professional services
rendered in connection our registration statement. 

Our policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services performed by the independent accountants. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services. Since we do not have an audit committee, the pre-approval is made by the board of directors. Our board approved all
services that our independent accountants provided to us in the past two fiscal years. 

57 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 

EXHIBIT 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company.(5) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company. (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Restated Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2014 between the issuer and between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Restricted Stock Grant dated October 30, 2014 between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 License Agreement dated March 26, 2008 between the Company and Emerging Technologies Trust. (1) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Licensing Services Agreement dated July 10, 2008 between the Company and Balthaser Online, Inc. (1) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Patent Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2009 between Company and Intertech Holdings, LLC. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated August 11, 2010 between the Company and Alex W. Hart.(1) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Agreement dated February 8, 2011 between the Company and Sol Li. (1) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Agreement dated June 26, 2013 between the Company and The Betting Service Ltd. and Neil Riches.(1) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Funding Agreement dated March 13, 2014 between the Company and Longford Capital Fund I, LP, (subject to order granting confidential treatment (1))# 
 
 10.10 
 
 Agreement dated April 1, 2014 between the Company and Allied Standard Limited. (1) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of warrant issued to former officers and directors. (1) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of warrant issued to Mr. Jon C. Scahill. (1) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Jon C. Scahill. (4) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Timothy J. Scahill. (4) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Indemnification agreement, dated December 8, 2014 between the Company and Dr. William Ryall Carroll. (4) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Patent Sale Agreement, effective July 8, 2015 between Intellectual Ventures Assets 16 LLC and the Company.(2) 
 
 10.17 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan(6) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC (7) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Ex. A to Purchase Agreement Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Ex. B to Purchase Agreement Subsidiary Continuing Guaranty Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Ex. C to Purchase Agreement Subsidiary Patent Proceeds Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Ex. D to Purchase Agreement Warrant Issuance Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Ex. E to Purchase Agreement Board Observation Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC. (7) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Warrant dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and QPRC Finance LLC (7) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Restructure Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Ex. A to Restructure Agreement - Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Ex. B to Restructure Agreement - Option Grant dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Ex. C to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 

58 

10.24 
 
 Ex. D to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Intelligent Partners LLC, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper. (7) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Ex. E to Restructure Agreement - Board Observation Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Ex. F to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated MPA-CP dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Ex. G to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated MPA-CXT dated February 19, 2021 among CXT Systems, Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Ex. H to Restructure Agreement - Monetization Proceeds Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among M-RED Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Ex. I to Restructure Agreement - Monetization Proceeds Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among Audio Messaging Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Ex. J to Restructure Agreement - Amended and Restated 2015 Patent Proceeds Security Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company, Quest Licensing Corporation, Mariner IC Inc., Semcon IP Inc., IC Kinetics Inc., Quest NetTech Corporation, CXT Systems, Inc., M-Red Inc., Audio Messaging Inc. and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Ex. K to Restructure Agreement - MPA-NA dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Ex. L to Restructure Agreement - MPA-NA Security Interest Agreement dated February 19, 2021 among the Company and Intelligent Partners LLC. (7) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Consulting Agreement (8) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (8) 
 
 10.40 
 
 Form of Option Agreement (8) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, which was filed by the Company on December 15, 2014. 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on October 28, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (3) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2013, which was filed with the SEC on April 10, 2015. 
 
 (4) 
 Filed as exhibit to Amendment No. 1 to the Company s registration statement on Form S-1, which was filed with the SEC on February 3, 2016, and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (5) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on January 26, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which was filed by the Company on April 2, 2018. 
 
 (7) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which was filed by the Company on April 15, 2021. 

# 
 Certain portions of this exhibit are omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment. The omitted information has been filed separately with the SEC. 

Certain confidential information has been deleted from this Exhibit. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: March 31, 2022 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ Jon C. Scahill 

Name: 
 Jon C. Scahill 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer and President 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. Each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes Jon C. Scahill as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities
to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jon C. Scahill 
 
 Director, chief executive officer, 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Jon C. Scahill 
 
 acting chief financial officer and president 

(principal executive, financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ Timothy J. Scahill 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Timothy J. Scahill 

/s/ Dr. William Ryall Carroll 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Dr. William Ryall Carroll 

/s/ Ryan T. Logue 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Ryan T. Logue 

60 

QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORPORATION 

DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A. PCAOB ID: 89) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (MaloneBailey, LLP - PCAOB ID: F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

of Quest Patent Research Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Quest Patent Research Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31,
2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB")
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Emphasis of Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 

Somerset, New Jersey 

March 31, 2022 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Quest Patent Research Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Quest Patent Research Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2020,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 3 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment of Intangible Assets 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company s intangible assets consist of patents which are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives and are reviewed for impairment upon any triggering event that may give rise to the assets ultimate recoverability. We identified
the impairment assessment of the intangible assets as a critical audit matter due to its materiality to the financial statements and the
significant estimates involved, the audit of which required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We tested the Company s determination of
the carrying value of the intangible assets by comparing the year-end balances to the undiscounted future cash flows and evaluated the
reasonableness of the inputs of the future cash flows to verifiable data. 

/s/ 

www.malonebailey.com 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2013. 

April 15, 2021 

F- 4 

Quest Patent Research Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 -

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Patents, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Loans payable 

Purchase price of patents, current portion 
 -

Funding Liability 

Loan payable related party 

Warrant liability 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Loan payable - SBA 

Purchase price of patents, net of unamortized discount of and , respectively 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit 

Preferred stock, par value per share authorized shares no shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value per share; authorized at December 31, 2021 and 2020; shares issued and outstanding and at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Quest Patent Research Corporation stockholders deficit 

Non-controlling interest in subsidiary 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 5 

Quest Patent Research Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues 

Patent licensing fees 

Operating expenses 

Cost of revenues: 

Litigation and licensing expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other expense 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 
 
 -

Gain on settlement of accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 -

Warrant expense 
 
 -

Change in fair market value of warrant liability 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair market value of derivative liability 
 - 

Loss on conversion of debt 
 
 -

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 -

Loss on impairment of assets 
 
 -

Other Income 
 -

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Net loss before income tax 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net income attributable to non-controlling interest in subsidiary 
 -

Net Loss Attributable to Quest Patent Research Corporation 

Net loss per share Basic and Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 6 

Quest Patent Research Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 
 Non-controlling Interest in 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Subsidiaries 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances as of December 31, 2019 

Resolution of derivative liability 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances as of December 31, 2020 

Restricted shares issued for services 

-
 
 -

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

-
 
 -

Option issued for debt extinguishment 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Options granted for compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

F- 7 

Quest Patent Research Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair market value of warrant liability 

- 

Change in fair market value of derivative liability 

- 

() 
 
 Stock based compensation 

- 

Warrant expense 

- 

Gain on settlement of accounts payable 

() 

- 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

() 

- 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Loss on conversion of debt 

- 

Loss on impairment of assets 

- 

Bad debt expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 

Accrued interest 

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 
 
 Other current asses 

() 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of patents 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of future revenues 

- 

Proceeds from SBA loans 

- 

Payment on loan related party 

() 

- 

Loan payable third party 

() 

- 

Proceeds from third party loan 

- 

Repayment of purchase price of patents 

() 

() 
 
 Repayment from sale of future revenues 

- 

() 
 
 Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

() 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Shares issued for conversion of debt 

- 

Resolution of derivative liability 

- 

Options granted for settlement of debt 

Accrued interest added to principal 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income taxes, including foreign taxing authorities withheld taxes of and during the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 

Interest 

- 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements 

F- 8 

Quest Patent Research Corporation and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

owned) 

owned) 

F- 9 

as of December
31, 2021 and 2020. 

and at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to from the date of filing. Certain patent application and prosecution costs incurred to secure additional patent claims,
that based on management s estimates are deemed to be recoverable, are capitalized and amortized over the remaining estimated economic
useful life of the related patent portfolio. 

at December 31, 2021 and
2020, respectively, to write down finite lived intangible assets in the Power Management/Bus Controller, CXT and M-RED portfolios. See
Note 6. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

F- 12 

F- 13 

million and negative working capital of approximately million as of
December 31, 2021. Because of the Company s continuing losses, its working capital deficiency, the uncertainty of future revenue,
the Company s obligations to Intellectual Ventures, Intelligent Partners, QPRC Finance LLC QFL ), the Company s
low stock price and the absence of an active trading market in its common stock, the ability of the Company to raise funds in the equity
market or from lenders is severely impaired. These conditions, together with the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the steps taken
by the states to slow the spread of the virus and its effect on its business raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. Although the Company may seek to raise funds and to obtain third party funding for litigation to enforce
its intellectual property rights, the availability of such funds, particularly in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, is uncertain. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

in full satisfaction of the disputed and unpaid legal services performed by the Company s former legal counsel for services relating
to the monetization of the Company s intellectual property rights. The Company recognized a gain on settlement of accounts payable
of approximately in conjunction with the resolution of the dispute. The Company s obligation to its former counsel is
included under accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s December 31, 2020 balance sheet. 

Funding liability 
 
 -

Loan payable related party 

Purchase price of patents current portion 
 -

Unamortized discount 
 -
 
 -

Net short-term debt 

Long-term liabilities: 

Loans payable - SBA 

Gross 

Accrued interest 
 - 

Net loans payable - SBA 

Purchase price of patents 

Gross 

Unamortized discount 
 -

Net purchase price of patents long-term 

and as of
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company paid and , respectively,
against the loans. The loans are payable on demand plus accrued interest at per annum. 

F- 14 

for the acquisition of mutually agreed patent rights that the Company intends to monetize; (b) up to for operating expenses; and (iii) to fund the cash payment portion of the restructure of the Company s obligations to Intelligent Partners. In return the Company transferred to QFL a right to receive a portion of net proceeds generated from the monetization of those patents. 

of proceeds from the QFL financing as the cash payment portion of the restructure of the Company s obligations to Intelligent Partners pursuant to the Restructure Agreement executed contemporaneously with the closing of the Investment Documents. The payment was made directly from QFL to Intelligent Partners. 

shares of the Company s common stock, at an exercise price of per share which may be exercised from the date of exercise through February 18, 2031 on a cash or cashless basis. Exercisability of the warrant is limited if, upon exercise, the holder or any of holder s affiliates would beneficially own more than (the Maximum Percentage of the Company s common stock, except that by written notice to the Company, the holder may change the Maximum Percentage to any other percentage not in excess of provided any such change will not be effective until the 61 st day following notice to the Company. The warrant also contains certain minimum ownership percentage antidilution rights pursuant to which the aggregate number of shares of common stock purchasable upon the initial exercise of the warrant shall not be less than of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis). A portion of any gain from sale of the shares, net of taxes and costs of exercise, realized prior to the completion of all monetization activities shall be credited against the total return due to QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. See Notes 4 and 5 for information on the warrant issuance and associated liability. 

F- 15 

shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrant. See Note 5 for information on the warrant issuance. 

pursuant to an agreement with AI, pursuant to which MML retains
an amount equal to the purchase price plus any fees incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, after which AI is entitled
to a percentage of further net proceeds realized, if any. The Company requested and received a capital advance from QFL in the amount
of pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, which was used to make payment to AI. 

from QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

As part
of the restructure of the Company s agreements with Intelligent Partners, the Company amended the existing monetization proceeds
agreements MPAs and granted Intelligent Partners certain rights in the monetization proceeds from any new intellectual
property the Company acquires, as describe below. Under these MPAs, Intelligent Partners participates in the monetization proceeds the
Company receives with respect to new patents after QFL has received its negotiated rate of return. 

F- 16 

of the notes (the Transferred Note ), thereby reducing the
principal amount of the notes held by Intelligent Partners to . 

at closing, which the Company received from QFL and which QFL paid directly to Intelligent Partners, and recognized the TMPO, which shall, from and after the Restructure Date, be reduced on a dollar for dollar basis by (a) payments to Intelligent Partners pursuant to the restructure agreement, the Restructure MPAs and the MPA-NA and (b) any election by the Intelligent Partners to pay the Exercise Price of the Restructure Option, in whole or part, by means of a reduction in the then outstanding TMPO. The TMPO has been classified as a current liability as of September 30, 2021. 

shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share, which purchase price was paid by the conversion and in full satisfaction of the Transferred Note (the Conversion Shares ). For purposes of extinguishment, the issuance of the Conversion Shares in full satisfaction of the Transferred Note balance of is included in the reacquisition price of the debt. The Company recognized a loss on debt conversion of which is the difference between the agreed conversion price and the fair value of the Conversion Shares at the date of conversion. See Note 5 for information on the share issue. 

shares of common stock, with an exercise price of per share which vests immediately and may be exercised through September 30, 2025. The Company valued the option at approximately using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The proceeds were allocated to the repurchase price of the debt extinguishment based on its fair value. See Note 5 for information on the option grant. 

of the net monetization proceeds from the patents currently owned by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The agreement has no termination provisions, so Intelligent Partners will be entitled to its percentage interest as long as revenue is generated from the intellectual property covered by the agreement. 

F- 17 

After satisfaction of the TMPO, the MPA-NA and Intelligent Partners interest in new asset proceeds shall terminate. 

million dollars to
another provider of financing following a final determination by arbitration or other judicial proceeding that such obligation is due
and owing. 

reflected as follows: 

Net carrying amount 

Reacquisition Price 

Cash payment via QFL 

Conversion of transferred note 

Fair value of option grant 

TMPO undiscounted future cash flows 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

F- 18 

On December 31, 2021 

On December 31, 2021 

for the Company s acquisition of the audio messaging portfolio. Under the funding agreement,
the third-party funder is entitled to a priority return of funds advanced from net proceeds, as defined, recovered until the funder has
received . The Company has no other obligation to the third party and has no liability to the funder in the event that the Company
does not generate net proceeds. Pursuant to ASC 470, the company recorded this monetization obligation as debt and the difference between
the purchase price and total obligation as a discount to the debt and fully expensed to interest during the period. 

F- 19 

Unamortized discount 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Non-current liabilities: 

Purchase price of patents, long term 

Unamortized discount 
 -

Total current and non-current 

Effective interest rate of Amortization over 2 years 
 -
 
 - 

, the Company imputed interest of which was recorded as a discount to the liabilities and amortized through
the maturity date. 

, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under Division A, Title I of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, also known as the CARES Act, which was enacted March 27, 2020. The loan, which was taken down on April 23, 2020, matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, with interest payable monthly commencing on November 23, 2020. The loan may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the loan may only be used for payroll costs, costs used to continue group health care benefits, mortgage payments, rent, utilities, and interest on other debt obligations incurred before February 15, 2020. The Company has used the entire loan amount for qualifying expenses. Under the terms of the PPP, certain amounts of the loan may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. As of December 31, 2021 the loan has been forgiven and the Company recorded a gain on loan forgiveness of . 

, pursuant to Section 7(b) of the Small Business Act as part of the COVID-19 relief effort. The Company s obligations on the loan are set forth in the Company s note dated May 14, 2020 which matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing on May 14, 2022. The Note may be prepaid by the Company at any time prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. Funds from the Loan may be used solely as working capital to alleviate economic injury caused by disaster occurring in the month of January 31, 2020 and continuing thereafter and to pay Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) lien filing fees and a third-party UCC handling charge of which were deducted from the loan amount stated above. In addition to the loan, as part of the COVID-19 relief effort, the Company obtained an Emergency EIDL Grant from the SBA in the amount of . The Company is not required to repay the grant. 

shares of common
stock to QFL (see Note 3) in connection with its funding agreement. If on the date of initial exercise the aggregate number of warrant
shares purchasable upon exercise of the warrant would yield less than an amount equal to of the aggregate number of outstanding shares
of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis), then the number of warrant shares shall be increased to an amount
equal to of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company (determined on a fully diluted basis), the
number of shares underlying the warrants is not fixed until the date of the initial exercise. As such, the warrant issued to QFL requires
classification as a liability pursuant to ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and is valued at its fair value as of
the grant date and re-measured at the balance sheet date. 

F- 20 

and , respectively. 

Exercise price 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividends 
 -
 
 -

Expected term 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

F- 21 

shares
of common stock pursuant to non-qualified stock options, restricted stock grants and other equity-based incentives, the amendment to the
Plan and the grants of awards pursuant to the Plan, became effective upon the closing of the agreements with QFL. 

Variables used in the valuation include (1) discount rate of ; (2) option life of years; (3) computed volatility
of and (4) expected dividends. The fair market value of the options was included in the loss on extinguishment calculation (see
Note 3). The Company granted Intelligent Partners, Andrew Fitton and Michael Carper certain registration rights with respect to (i) the
 shares currently owned by Fitton and Carper; (ii) the Conversion Shares issued to Fitton and Carper, and (iii) the
 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the option. Commencing six months from the closing date, if the shares owned
by Fitton, Carper and Intelligent Partners cannot be sold pursuant to a registration statement and cannot be sold pursuant to Rule 144
without the Company being in compliance with the current public information requirements of Rule 144, if the Company is not in compliance
with the current public information requirements, the Company is required to pay damages to Intelligent Partners. 

and may be terminated by the Company for cause or upon the death
or disability of the consultants. 

F- 22 

in conjunction with issuance of common stock to officers and directors. The Company determined the fair value of the options
to be approximately as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes pricing model. Variables used in the valuation include (1) discount
rate of ; (2) term of years; (3) computed volatility of and (4) expected dividends. The Company recognized option expense
of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

F- 23 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 

-

Options exercisable at end of period 

. 

of unrecognized
compensation expense related to nonvested stock option awards that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average expected term
of years. 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Expired 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance December 31, 2021 

. 

F- 24 

Less: net monetization obligations 
 -

Imputed interest 
 -

Disposal 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Net value of intangible assets 

F- 25 

patents acquired in October 2021 from AI for a purchase price of 
pursuant to which the Company retains an amount equal to the purchase price plus any fees incurred out of net proceeds, as defined in
the agreement, after which AI is entitled to a percentage of further net proceeds realized, if any; the useful lives of the patents, at
the date of acquisition, was approximately years. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Future amortization of patents is as follows: 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 and thereafter 

Total 

of the net monetization proceeds from the patents acquired in October 2015 to Intelligent Partners, as
transferee of United Wireless. See the caption Loan Payable Related Party in Note 3 in connection with the extinguishment
and restructuring of the Company s obligations to Intelligent Partners. 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 -

Balance, end of year 

and approximately of federal and state net operating loss NOL carry forwards, respectively,
which will begin to expire in 2024. Internal Revenue Code section 382 Section 382 restricts the use of these net operating
losses in future periods if the Company has a substantial change in ownership as defined by Section 382. The Company has
had significant equity transactions in prior periods. Due to this equity activity and the restrictions resulting under Section 382, a
portion of the Company s NOLs may not be available to offset future taxable income. Therefore, the Company has fully reserved the
deferred tax asset resulting from the net operating loss carry forwards. 

F- 26 

Bad debt reserves 
 -

Intangible assets 

Valuation allowance 

Balance, end of year 
 -
 
 -

Foreign 
 -

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

Total 

State taxes, net 

Tax exempt income grant and/or SBA 

Meals and entertainment 

Warrant expense 

Stock based compensation 

Loss on conversion of debt 

Valuation allowance 

Derivative valuation adjustment 

Other 

Total 

Effective tax rate 

notes issued to United Wireless pursuant to the securities purchase agreement dated October 22, 2015.
The notes were extinguished in February 2021 and the Company did not incur interest expense on the notes for the year ended December 31,
2021. The interest expense was approximately for the year ended December 31, 2020. See Notes 3 and 5 in connection with the extinguishment
of the Company s notes issued to United Wireless and held by Intelligent Partners as the transferee of United Wireless. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 27 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively. The amount recorded in 2020 includes approximately in accrued
expenses and outstanding as of December 31, 2020. The accrued liability is recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
The accrued liability was resolved as part of a resolution with the firm at which the father-in-law of the chief executive was formerly
a partner. See Note 3 with respect to the resolution of the dispute with the prior firm. In prior periods, the Company engaged a firm
at which the father-in-law of the chief executive was formerly a partner. Because his interest in the prior firm was less than , the
prior firm was not considered a related party in prior periods. 

The agreement provides
for an initial annual salary of , which may be increased, but not decreased, by the board or the compensation committee. In March
2016, The chief executive officer is also eligible to participate in any executive incentive plans which the Company may
adopt. 

, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company s president
and chief executive officer is the only participant and and , respectively, was deposited his SEP IRA account. 

F- 28 

of the net proceeds, as defined in the agreement, if any, resulting from monetization of the STX patent
portfolio. 

in legal fees, expensed at closing. The initial cost of the STX asset acquisition was with total consideration coming in the form of
contingent consideration, which will be recognized if and when it becomes payable. 

. The Company requested
and received a capital advance in the amount of the purchase price from the facility with QFL. 

from QFL pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

F-29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex31-1_questpatent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND FINANCIAL
OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jon C. Scahill, certify
that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Quest Patent Research Corporation; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this annual report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
annual report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data
and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 31, 2022 
 By: 
 /s/
Jon C. Scahill 

Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief 
 Financial Officer) 

(Principal Executive, Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 f10k2021ex32-1_questpatent.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Quest Patent Research Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon C. Scahill, chief executive officer of the
Company, and acting chief financial officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2022 
 By: 
 /s/ Jon C.
 Scahill 

Jon C. Scahill 

Chief Executive Officer and Acting 
Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive, Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 qprc-20211231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 qprc-20211231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 qprc-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 qprc-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 qprc-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

