<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220407_10-K_edgar_data_1852332_0001104659-22-043323.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4787612</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>529472</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>833172</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1409115</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>849827</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1083374</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-22-043323.hdr.sgml : 20220407
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220406184102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-22-043323
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220407
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220406

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Banner Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852332
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40784
		FILM NUMBER:		22811730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 W. INNOVATION WAY
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		801-712-3708

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1633 W. INNOVATION WAY
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			LEHI
		STATE:			UT
		ZIP:			84043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-22-043323.txt : 20220407

10-K
 1
 bnnru-20211231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO The registrant s units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market NASDAQ on September 8, 2021. Commencing October 29, 2021, holders of the units were permitted to elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and warrants included in the units. On December 31, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fourth fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on such date as reported on the NASDAQ. For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant s common stock of which the registrant is aware are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant As of April 6, 2022, shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page GLOSSARY 3 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 4 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS 5 PART I Item 1 Business 7 Item 1A Risk Factors 28 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 60 Item 2 Properties 60 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 60 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 60 PART II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 61 Item 6 [Reserved] 62 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 63 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 66 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 67 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 85 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 85 Item 9B Other Information 85 PART III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 86 Item 11 Executive Compensation 94 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 95 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 97 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 99 PART IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 100 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 101 

Table of Contents 
 Certain Terms In this annual report, except where the context requires otherwise: Company, we, us, and our, Banner Acquisition Corp. and Banner refer to Banner Acquisition Corp., a blank check company incorporated in Delaware and, where applicable, its subsidiaries. Sponsor refers to our sponsor, Banner SPAC Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Initial Public Offering refers to our initial public offering, which closed on September 10, 2021. SEC refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking in nature and may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements about: our being a company with no operating history and no revenues; our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial Business Combination (as defined below); our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the continued uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the Trust Account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the Trust Account balance; the Trust Account not being subject to claims of third parties; our financial performance; the potential tax consequences of investing in our securities; or the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The risks described under the heading Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may cause us to be unable to successfully execute all or part of our strategy. Some of the most significant challenges and risks we face include the following: Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues (other than interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account), and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their founder shares in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. As the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 
 Risks Relating to our Securities The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and the Anchor Investors may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Common Stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, NASDAQ may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of NASDAQ rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 
 Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 
 General Risk Factors Any restatements of our financial results, or the time required to evaluate possible errors, may impact the market price for our Class A Common Stock and our ability to complete a business combination on a timely basis. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 12, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses that we have not yet identified (the Business Combination ). In March 2021, the Sponsor acquired 6,468,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, consisting of 6,468,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares. In connection with certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors (the Anchor Investors purchasing Units in our Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor sold an aggregate of 890,625 founder shares to the Anchor Investors. The holders of our founder shares prior to our Initial Public Offering (other than the Anchor Investors) are referred to herein as our initial shareholders. In September 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 15,700,000 units (the Units ), including 700,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class A Common Stock ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company Public Warrant ), with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 157,000,000. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter was granted an option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 22, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option and, on September 27, 2021, the underwriter purchased 700,000 Units (the Over-allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,000,000. On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement ), we completed the private sale (the Private Placement of 8,000,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, we completed a private placement with the Sponsor for an additional 210,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000. A total of 158,570,000, comprised of 153,860,000 of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and 4,710,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) has been deposited in a U.S.-based trust account Trust Account maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2021, we had 1,384,587 in cash. We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. We cannot assure you that we will identify any suitable target candidates or, if identified, that we will be able to complete the acquisition of such candidates on favorable terms or at all. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial Business Combination with a company that can benefit from (i) the managerial and operational experience of our management team, (ii) additional capital and (iii) access to public securities markets. Our 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 acquisition selection process will leverage our management team s network of potential transaction sources, ranging from owners and directors of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, lenders, attorneys, accountants and other advisors across various sectors. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will serve as a useful source of acquisition opportunities. We do not intend to compete in auctions. Instead, we will seek proprietary opportunities through the direct relationships our management team and board of directors have built throughout their careers in their respective industries and geographies of focus. This network has been developed through our management team s: deep history as seasoned executives and growth-oriented public company operators with a value-creation track record; extensive mergers and acquisitions experience from hundreds of transactions and highly successful roll-up strategies across multiple companies in highly fragmented markets; proprietary relationship network in key sectors of focus, including relationships with multigenerational business owners and family offices, as well as private equity investors with existing investments in such sectors; differentiated strategy focused on companies with historically strong financial performance that are essential to the United States economy; and reputation of empowering founding teams to achieve industry-leading growth and operational performance. We expect these networks will provide our management team with a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including private equity groups, investment banking firms, family offices, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Members of our management team will communicate with their networks of relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential Business Combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potentially interesting leads. Criteria for Business Combination Consistent with this strategy, we have identified the following investment goals and criteria that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses in order to select the right platform and partners. We utilize our experience and general criteria outlined below when evaluating partnership opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these goals and criteria. We seek candidates with an enterprise value of between 500 million and 2 billion that we believe meet the following criteria: Strong strategic or competitive position within their industry or geography: We are seeking Business Combination targets that have a leading market position through a loyal customer base, differentiated products or services and robust competitive barriers to entry. Attractive valuation with projected stockholder value appreciation: We have a deep understanding of private valuations through our management s and board s experience with numerous successful mergers and acquisitions and aim to negotiate terms that will provide significant upside potential while limiting downside risk. Historical financial steadiness/growth with long-term cash-flow characteristics: We are seeking Business Combination targets that have a track record of financial growth and operational discipline. We are primarily focused on the ability to produce long-term cash flow. Opportunities for additional strategic or tuck-in acquisitions: We have a history of developing companies through acquisitions, and believe we can leverage our expertise to drive growth for our Business Combination target and increase stockholder value. We are seeking companies who we believe would provide a strong platform for an ongoing acquisition strategy. Winning culture with an emphasis on high character authentic cultural values: We are seeking Business Combination targets that embody a winning culture among their employees, and conduct their business with high character and integrity at the forefront of 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 their mission. Each member of our board believes that commitment to lasting culture and values is what sustains long-term success, though the stated values and mission are unique to each organization. Key stakeholders such as founders, family owners or tenured management team are seeking to continue their trajectory and legacy with access to the public markets and a value-added board/advisor relationship: We have a history of preparing family-owned and founder-led companies for a successful transition and tenure as a public company and are seeking Business Combination targets that can leverage our support, network and resources to continue their growth trajectory while maintaining significant ownership of the company. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial Business Combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC. Sources of Potential Initial Business Combination Targets Our management team and Sponsor has developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. This network has been developed through their experience in sourcing, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; reputations for integrity and fair dealing with sellers, capital providers and target management teams and experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. This network has provided our management team and Sponsor with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management team and Sponsor will provide us with an important source of Business Combination opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment banking firms, private equity firms, consultants, accounting firms and other business enterprises. We are not prohibited from pursuing our initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or our officers, or from making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, directors, officers or their affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or our officers, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. As more fully discussed in the section titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Certain of our executive officers currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers and directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence review which encompasses, as applicable and among other things, commercial and industry due diligence, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. To help facilitate this evaluation, we rely on input from our management team, Sponsor and directors and may use third party diligence providers if and as necessary. We believe that we are well positioned to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns in the marketplace and that our contacts and transaction sources, ranging from industry executives, private owners, private equity funds, venture capital funds and investment bankers, in addition to the reach of the Banner Ventures platform, will enable us to pursue a broad range of opportunities. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our directors and officers owns, directly or indirectly, founder shares and/or Private Placement Warrants following the Initial Public Offering and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, such directors and officers may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such directors and officers was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. Certain of our directors and officers currently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her contractual fiduciary duties. If any of our directors or officers becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual duties and obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that these duties or obligations will materially affect our ability to identify and pursue business combination opportunities or to complete our initial Business Combination. No members of our management team have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member specifically in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company. Members of our management team may be required to present potential business combinations to other entities to whom they have fiduciary duties before they present such opportunities to us. Any knowledge or presentation of such opportunities may therefore present conflicts of interest. In addition, members of our management team or their respective affiliates may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. These relationships may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Initial Business Combination As required by NASDAQ rules, our initial Business Combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial Business Combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. If our securities are no longer listed on NASDAQ, we will not be obligated to satisfy the 80 of fair market value test. Our Board of Directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial Business Combination. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our Board of Directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our Board of Directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed initial Business Combination will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board of Directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the Board of Directors is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the Board of Directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business for the post-acquisition company to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target or assets sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial Business Combination for the purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants released to us from the Trust Account upon the closing of our initial Business Combination may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which we complete our initial Business Combination. If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial Business Combination or used for redemption of our issued and outstanding Class A Common Stock sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares ), we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. In addition, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination to be used following the closing for general corporate purposes as described above. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. We may also obtain financing prior to the closing of our initial Business Combination to fund our working capital needs and transaction costs in connection with our search for and completion of our initial Business Combination. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond the completion window or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. Our Management Team Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the current stage of the initial Business Combination process. We believe our management team s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential Business Combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of this annual report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for a more complete description of our management team s experience. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial Business Combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a Business Combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A Common Stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A Common Stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses and other uncertainties in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial Business Combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed initial Business Combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial Business Combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial Business Combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ). As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A Common Stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial Business Combination or used for redemption of our Public Shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust Account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination, and we may effectuate our initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the Trust Account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. In the case of an initial Business Combination funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial Business Combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account or (ii) vote as a class with our Public Shares (a) on any initial Business Combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a Business Combination beyond the completion window or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this annual report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our Sponsor and its affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows, conferences or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our Sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the Trust Account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our Sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the Company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). Although none of our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective Business Combination target in connection with a contemplated initial Business Combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial Business Combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial Business Combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors or making the initial Business Combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with an initial Business Combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. As more fully discussed in the section of this annual report entitled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such Business Combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding any deferred underwriting commissions). The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our Board of Directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual or potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our Board of Directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our Board of Directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed initial Business Combination will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 market value of our initial Business Combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or a valuation appraisal firm that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our Board of Directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the Board of Directors is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the target company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the Board of Directors determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial Business Combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial Business Combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In any case, we will only complete an initial Business Combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire an interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the initial Business Combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial Business Combination for the purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. To the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. In evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent ownership, management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial Business Combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the post-transaction company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the post-transaction company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. Following our initial Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial Business Combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction Whether Stockholder Approval is Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes Under NASDAQ s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example: we issue shares of Class A Common Stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock then outstanding; any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which stockholder approval is not required by law or stock exchange listing requirement will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and legal reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine stockholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek stockholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company; the expected cost of holding a stockholder vote; the risk that the stockholders would fail to approve the proposed Business Combination; other time and budget constraints of the company; and 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 additional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to stockholders. 
 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants or a combination thereof in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination. There is no limit on the number of shares or warrants such persons may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and NASDAQ rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a stockholder vote relating to our initial Business Combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Public Shares in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial Business Combination. We will adopt an insider trading policy which will require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our securities during certain blackout periods when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) clear all trades of company securities with a compliance officer prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant-holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A Common Stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or vote against our initial Business Combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial Business Combination. Such persons would select the stockholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Any purchases by our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will be made only to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A Common Stock upon the completion of our initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially 10.10 per Public Share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our Sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any Public Shares held by them, and our Anchor Investors (as defined in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them, in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial Business Combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation would require stockholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with NASDAQ stockholder approval rules. If we structure a Business Combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed Business Combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. The requirement that we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares by one of the two methods listed above are contained in provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on NASDAQ. Such provisions may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. If a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination, which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 tendering more than a specified number of Public Shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business Combination. Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A Common Stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any stockholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NASDAQ listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial Business Combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial Business Combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count towards this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions), and the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result of the agreements of our Sponsor, officers and directors and the Anchor Investors to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, we would need only 5,887,501 Public Shares, or 37.5 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 981,251 Public Shares, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) of the 15,700,000 Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial Business Combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial Business Combination. The Anchor Investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. In the event that the Anchor Investors hold their Units until prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination and vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial Business Combination. The Anchor Investors are not required to vote any of their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination or for or against any other matter presented for a stockholder vote. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 We intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public stockholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial Business Combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public stockholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our Public Shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. For example, the proposed Business Combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior written consent. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our public stockholders ability to redeem to no more than 15 of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with an initial Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Delivering Stock Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights As described above, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the initial Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a stockholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public stockholders at least 10 days prior to the stockholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such stockholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their Public Shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a Public Share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our Public Shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial Business Combination. If our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial Business Combination with a different target until the end of the completion window. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we will have only time allotted in the completion window, to complete our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within such completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the 24-month time period. Holders of our founder shares will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window. However, if our initial stockholders, our management team or the Anchor Investors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window. Our Sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window. However, if our Sponsor, officers or directors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the allotted 24-month time period. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. However, we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of deferred underwriter s commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of Public Shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our Public Shares at such time. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1,384,587 of proceeds held outside the Trust Account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to pay any taxes we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the Trust Account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the Trust Account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the Trust Account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 enter into an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to the Company, and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if our management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriter of the offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.10 per share initially held in the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registration Statement of which this annual report, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations, and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per Public Share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below (i) 10.10 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations, and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.10 per Public Share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately 2,650,000 from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our Trust Account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the Trust Account is remote. Further, our Sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the Trust Account are not reduced below (i) 10.10 per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest released to us to pay our taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete our Business Combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the initial Business Combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, like all provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our Certificate of Incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the Initial Public Offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our Certificate of Incorporation contains a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend any provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, we will provide public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that: prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed Business Combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes; or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their Public Shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial Business Combination only if we have net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, of at least 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial Business Combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; if our initial Business Combination is not consummated within the completion window, then we must (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on funds held in the Trust Account (net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; prior to our initial Business Combination, we will not issue any additional shares of our capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof (1) to receive funds from the Trust Account or (2) to vote on any initial Business Combination, any pre-initial Business Combination activity, or any amendment to the article or articles in our Certificate of Incorporation which govern, 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 among other things, distributions from the Trust Account, certain rights of stockholders related to our consummation of an initial Business Combination and other pre-initial Business Combination matters; although we do not intend to enter into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the Trust Account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding any deferred underwriting commissions); and we will not effectuate our initial Business Combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 
 These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least 65 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Holders of our founder shares, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, we may consummate our initial Business Combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholder meeting. Additionally, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors and that holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended by at least 90 of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on such amendment. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial Business Combination, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, holders of our founder shares and holders of our Public Shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial Business Combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial Business Combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination. Certain Potential Conflicts of Interest None of our officers or directors has any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware unless it is offered to the officer or director specifically in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and after the officer or director has satisfied his or her contractual and fiduciary obligations to other parties. Any knowledge or presentation of such opportunities may therefore present conflicts of interest. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and/or in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual duties or obligations to one or more other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual duties or obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 or she will honor these duties or obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. In addition, we do not intend to acquire any business that does business with or is in competition with Ensign, which invests in facilities that provide skilled nursing and senior living services, without the prior written consent of Ensign. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that any business opportunity offered to any of our officers or directors shall be presented to us only to the extent that such business opportunity is offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as our officer or director and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the officer or director is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. The potential conflicts described above may limit our ability to enter into a Business Combination or other transactions. These circumstances could give rise to numerous situations where interests may conflict. There can be no assurance that these or other conflicts of interest with the potential for adverse effects on us and holders of our securities will not arise. Sponsor Indemnity Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below: (1) 10.10 per Public Share; or (2) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case, net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party (including such target business) that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity or contribution of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently investigated or verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our Sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. We believe the likelihood of our Sponsor having to indemnify the Trust Account is limited because we will endeavor to have all vendors and prospective target businesses as well as other entities execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Facilities Our executive offices are located at 300 S 1350 E, 2nd Floor, Lehi, UT 84043, and our telephone number is (801) 447-1534. Our executive offices are currently provided to us by an affiliate of certain members of our management team. Commencing on the date of the Initial Public Offering, we have agreed to reimburse our Sponsor or an affiliate thereof in an amount equal to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support made available to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have three officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the stage of the initial Business Combination process we are in. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We registered our Units, Class A Common Stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial Business Combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential Business Combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential Business Combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such Business Combination. We filed a registration statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of the fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Available Information We make our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and all other information filed with or furnished to the SEC available, free of charge, through our website, www.banneracquisition.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports and other information are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The filings are also available by accessing the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report, including our Financial Statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business-Combination Risks We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues (other than interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account) , and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly incorporated company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until our Business Combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or of the future performance of any business we may acquire. Information or other references herein regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, members of our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance, including related to acquisitions, of our management team or its affiliates or of businesses associated with our management team is not a guarantee: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination; (2) of any results with respect to any initial Business Combination we may consummate; or (3) that we will be able to adequately assess the risks of a potential transaction. You should not rely on the historical record and performance of our management team or its affiliates or of businesses associated our management team as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in our Sponsor, and does not in any way create an advisory relationship between our Sponsor, on the one hand, and any of our stockholders, on the other hand. None of our Sponsor, officers or directors has had experience with a blank check company or special purpose acquisition company in the past. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the initial Business Combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons. For instance, the NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a Business Combination that required us to issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock, we would seek stockholder approval of such Business Combination. However, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Even if we seek stockholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our outstanding Public Shares do not approve of the initial Business Combination we complete. Please see Item 1. Business Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for additional information. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their founder shares in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the investment agreements, the Anchor Investors have agreed to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result of these agreements of our Sponsor, officers and directors and the Anchor Investors to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, we would need only 5,887,500 Public Shares, or 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 37.5 , or 981,250 Public Shares, or 6.25 of the 15,700,000 Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. Holders of our founder shares own shares representing at least 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock immediately following the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination, and the agreements by the Anchor Investors to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial Business Combination. In the event that the Anchor Investors hold all such Units until prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination and vote their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial Business Combination. The Anchor Investors are not required to vote any of their Public Shares in favor of our initial Business Combination or for or against any other matter presented for a stockholder vote. The Anchor Investors may have different interests than our other public stockholders since their investments in the founder shares will generally be worthless if we do not consummate an initial Business Combination within the completion window. Because the Anchor Investors purchased founder shares for the same nominal purchase price paid for such shares by our Sponsor, the Anchor Investors also have the potential to realize enhanced economic returns from their investment in us in comparison to our other public stockholders who did not purchase founder shares from our Sponsor. Accordingly, the Anchor Investors may be more likely to favor any proposed initial Business Combination transaction even if our other public stockholders do not favor the transaction. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination will be limited to the exercise of your redemption rights, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial Business Combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our Board of Directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial Business Combination. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an agreement for an initial Business Combination with a target. We may seek to enter into an initial Business Combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with Business Combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a Business Combination and such amount of deferred underwriting commissions is not available for us to use as consideration in an the initial Business Combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our Public Shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition, each as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate an initial Business Combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 in the Trust Account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share Class B Common Stock ), results in the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B Common Stock at the time of our initial Business Combination. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter is not required to be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the Trust Account until we liquidate the Trust Account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time, our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the Trust Account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial Business Combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window. Consequently, such target business may have leverage over us in negotiating an initial Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our Public Shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may receive only 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we must complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business Combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, political considerations, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak of COVID-19 on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than 10 business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may receive only 10.10 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors below. Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the overall health of debt and equity markets. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic . The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected, in the case of COVID-19, and could adversely affect, in the case of future outbreaks of infectious diseases, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time or if COVID-19 causes a prolonged economic downturn, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on businesses, and the inability to accurately predict the future impact of the pandemic on businesses, has also made determinations and negotiations of valuation more difficult, which could make it more difficult to consummate a Business Combination transaction. In addition, our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination may be dependent on our ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be adversely impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial Business Combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial Business Combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial Business Combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 We may engage our underwriter or one of its respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as M A advisor in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriter is entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the Trust Account only upon a completion of an initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause our underwriter to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the Initial Public Offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. We may engage our underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing M A advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay our underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial Business Combination. The underwriter s or its affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial Business Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense and/or accept less favorable terms. Furthermore, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination entity s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, after completion of any initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to such initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants or a combination thereof, in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market, either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so, and have informed us they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions. None of the funds in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Public Shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such public stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase Public Shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling public stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public stockholder would receive if such public stockholder elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial Business Combination. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 obtaining stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such Public Warrants on any matters submitted to the Public Warrant-holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination despite our compliance with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, or fails to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our Public Shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit Public Shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their stock certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote, we intend to require a public stockholder seeking redemption of its Public Shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the vote in which the name of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or Public Warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the Trust Account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A Common Stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A Common Stock the right to have their shares redeemed or to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our Public Shares if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the completion window, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if our plan to redeem our Public Shares if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the completion window is not completed for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our Trust Account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond the completion window before they receive funds from our Trust Account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the Trust Account. Holders of Public Warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your Public Shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial Business Combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the successful completion of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet of our company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than companies subject to Rule 419. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our Public Shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do, and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. Although our management team, Sponsor and directors and any of their respective affiliates may invest in us after the date of the Initial Public Offering, they are under no obligation or other duty to do so. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A Common Stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial Business Combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors below. If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the Trust Account are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) after the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the Trust Account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months (or 21 months, as applicable) following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, assuming that our initial Business Combination is not completed during that time. We could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed initial Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. Of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, only approximately 1,384,587 is available to us initially outside the Trust Account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of our Sponsor, or any affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers and directors or any Anchor Investor is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the Trust Account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement-equivalent warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek advances or loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon our liquidation. Subsequent to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, and which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial Business Combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the Trust Account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to enter into an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us, and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if our management believes that such third party s engagement would be in our best interests under the circumstances. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering, will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. Upon redemption of our Public Shares, if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.10 per share initially held in 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 the Trust Account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement, the form of which is filed as an exhibit to this annual report, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than Marcum LLP) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable; provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per Public Share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your Public Shares. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest, which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors, in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties, may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the Trust Account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.10 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial Business Combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account and not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the Trust Account due to their ownership of Public Shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the Trust Account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. Management has determined that there is substantial doubt about the company s ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,384,587 in cash and a working capital of 1,347,753. Further, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of our financing and acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 capital or to consummate an initial Business Combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board of Directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation would be reduced. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our Public Shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our Trust Account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our Public Shares in the event we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window is not considered a liquidating 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Although we expect to focus our search for suitable initial Business Combination targets with proven businesses that are essential to the United States economy, with a focus on the healthcare, education and business services sectors, we may complete a Business Combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our Certificate of Incorporation, be permitted to effectuate our Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances as described herein, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. We may seek Business Combination opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model or with limited historic financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the relevant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the target(s) of our initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board of Directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. If our Board of Directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial Business Combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA. However, our stockholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial Business Combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to GAAP or IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial Business Combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such Business Combination. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our Certificate of Incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we will only redeem our Public Shares so long as (after such redemption) our net tangible assets will be at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial Business Combination and after payment of deferred underwriting commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial Business Combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately-negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A Common Stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial Business Combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A Common Stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our Certificate of Incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our Certificate of Incorporation will require the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least a majority of the Public Warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of our warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, a majority of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination in order to effectuate our initial Business Combination. The provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our Certificate of Incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our Certificate of Incorporation provide that any of its provisions related to pre-initial Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the Trust Account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 including to permit us to withdraw funds from the Trust Account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our Trust Account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our Certificate of Incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation. Holders of our founder shares, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. In the event that the Anchor Investors their Units until prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination and vote their Public Shares to amend our Certificate of Incorporation, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders may be required to approve such amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, which govern our pre-initial Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an initial Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our Certificate of Incorporation. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A Common Stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account (including interest, net of taxes), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our Sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to the Initial Public Offering may be amended without stockholder approval. Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to the Initial Public Offering, the letter agreement among us and our Sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us, our initial stockholders and the Anchor Investors, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our Board of Directors to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our Board of Directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. We have not selected any specific Business Combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the Trust Account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share, under certain circumstances our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share upon the liquidation of the Trust Account. Our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors will control the election of our Board of Directors until consummation of our initial Business Combination and will hold a substantial interest in us. As a result, they will elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination and may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, the founder shares, all of which are held by our initial stockholders and the Anchor Investors, entitle the holders to elect all of our directors prior to our initial Business Combination. Holders of our Public Shares will have no right to vote on the election or removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may only be amended by a majority of at least 90 of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting. As a result, you will not have any influence over the election or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. In order for the Anchor Investors to be provided an opportunity to purchase founder shares such Anchor Investors must each purchase all of the Units with respect to which such Anchor Investor has expressed an interest in purchasing and that the underwriter allots to such Anchor Investor in the Initial Public Offering, which would increase their control. If our initial stockholders purchase any Units issued in the Initial Public Offering or if our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately-negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, our Board of Directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the initial Business Combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board of Directors, only a minority of the Board of Directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders and Anchor Investors will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. Resources could be wasted in researching Business Combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons, including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements as well as reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses, if any, with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation or reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, if any, following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the combined company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial Business Combination. Additionally, they may negotiate reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred on our behalf prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, should they choose to do so. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the initial Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or as reimbursement for such out-of-pocket expenses. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential Business Combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If we effect our initial Business Combination with a company with locations or operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we effect our initial Business Combination with a company with locations or operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: higher costs and difficulties inherent in executing cross-border transactions, managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; tax issues, including limits on our ability to change our tax residence from the United States, complex withholding or other tax regimes which may apply in connection with our Business Combination or to our structure following our Business Combination, variations in tax laws as compared to the United States and potential changes in the applicable tax laws in the United States and/or relevant non-U.S. jurisdictions; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 rates of inflation; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; changes in industry, regulatory or environmental standards within the jurisdictions where we operate; crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; deterioration of political relations with the United States; and government appropriations of assets. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. The incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may be able to complete only one Business Combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business, which may have a limited number of products or services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our initial Business Combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately-held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Transactions in connection with or in anticipation of our initial Business Combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant-holders. As a result of our Business Combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure transactions in connection with our initial Business Combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in anticipation of or as a result of our initial Business Combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may enter into one or more transactions that require stockholders and/or warrant-holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes or otherwise increase their tax burden. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant-holders to pay taxes in connection with our Business Combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant-holder may be required to satisfy any liability resulting from any such transactions with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). As a result, stockholders and warrant-holders may be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial Business Combination. Furthermore, we may effect a Business Combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States and, possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect any such transaction, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in many jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 As the number of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, and especially in the last twelve months, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as changes in economic and industry sector outlook, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-transaction. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for SPACs has changed. The premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally becomes less favorable to the insured. We cannot assure you that these market trends will not continue. The increased cost and availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify such coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. Further, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, following an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity will likely need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team and Board Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, we expect that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an initial Business Combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of an initial Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial Business Combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we expect that certain members of an initial Business Combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial Business Combination candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 of an initial Business Combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various their business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence, negotiations and other activities. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (except with respect to any Public Shares they may hold), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor is controlled by its managing member, Banner Ventures Management, LLC, and is owned by members of our management and other members of our Board of Directors. In March 2021, the Sponsor acquired 6,468,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, consisting of 6,468,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares. In addition, we may obtain loans from our Sponsor, affiliates of our Sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. Since our Sponsor paid only approximately 0.006 per share for the founder shares, certain of our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. In March 2021, 6,468,750 founder shares were issued to our Sponsor in exchange for a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500, and in addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares, increasing its effective payment per share to approximately 0.006 per share. Certain of our officers and directors have a significant economic interest in our Sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial Business Combination and their other businesses. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities that may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. In addition, our officers and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered or intended to be registered under the Exchange Act even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. For example, we do not intend to acquire any business that does business with or is in competition with Ensign, which invests in facilities that provide skilled nursing and senior living services, without the prior written consent of Ensign. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our stockholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Delaware law and we or our stockholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our stockholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in an initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders that may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to the Company and our stockholders from a financial point of view of an initial Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial Business Combination may not be 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. These risks may become more acute as we get closer to the 24-month deadline for the completion of our initial Business Combination. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We may structure an initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of our stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. Risks Relating to our Securities The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial Business Combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Public Shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial Business Combination within the completion window, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the Public Shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial Business Combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances described herein, on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A Common Stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A Common Stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. NASDAQ may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on NASDAQ in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on NASDAQ prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NASDAQ s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than NASDAQ s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on NASDAQ. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If NASDAQ delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Units, Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants qualify as covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on NASDAQ, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, NASDAQ may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of NASDAQ rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders of other companies. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors. As a result, NASDAQ may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of NASDAQ corporate governance standards. Under NASDAQ corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a Board of Directors that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under NASDAQ rules; we have a compensation committee of our Board of Directors that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 
 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock or preferred stock to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue shares of Class A Common Stock upon the conversion of the Class B Common Stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2021, there were 184,300,000 and 16,075,000 authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Class B Common Stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of the Class B Common Stock are convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial Business Combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of Class A Common Stock or preferred stock to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination (although our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to receive funds from the Trust Account or vote on any initial Business Combination or on matters related to our pre-initial Business Combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A Common Stock upon conversion of the Class B Common Stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation. However, our Certificate of Incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the Trust Account, (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination or (iii) vote on matters related to our pre-initial Business Combination activity. These provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, like all provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A Common Stock and/or Public Warrants. 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 We have not registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. However, under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the Registration Statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial Business Combination, warrant-holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A Common Stock included in the Units. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the Public Warrants were initially offered by us in the Initial Public Offering. However, there may be instances in which holders of our Public Warrants may be unable to exercise such Public Warrants but holders of our private warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. If you exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Class A Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. Under the following circumstances, the exercise of the Public Warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis: (i) if a registration statement covering the sale of the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial Business Combination, warrant-holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption; (ii) if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement; and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available; and (iii) if we call the Public Warrants for redemption under certain circumstances described in the warrant agreement. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock calculated under the applicable provision in the warrant agreement. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A Common Stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and the Anchor Investors may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders, the Anchor Investors and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of Private Placement Warrants, the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the founder shares and the Private Placement Warrants held, or to be held, by them and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (as defined below in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence may demand that we register the resale of such warrants or the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Common Stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A Common Stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or Anchor Investors or holders of Working Capital Loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our Public Warrants are issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC as warrant agent, and us (the Public Warrant Agreement ). The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A Common Stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our Public Warrant Agreement designated the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant-holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our Public Warrant Agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the Public Warrant Agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Public Warrant Agreement does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our Public Warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our Public Warrant Agreement. Investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the Public Warrant Agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant-holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant-holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant-holder. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant-holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Warrant holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional costs in pursuit of actions which are the subject of our choice-of-forum provision. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Public Warrant Agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board of Directors. We may redeem your unexpired Public Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Public Warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding Public Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant; provided that the last reported sale price of our Class A Common Stock has been at least 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrant-holders and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the Public Warrants were initially offered by us in the Initial Public Offering. Redemption of the outstanding Public Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Public Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Public Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Public Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Public Warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Common Stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination. We issued warrants to purchase 7,850,000 shares of our Class A Common Stock as part of the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,210,000 shares of Class A Common Stock at 11.50 per share. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 3,925,000 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any Working Capital Loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent we issue shares of Class A Common Stock to effectuate an initial Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive Business Combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A Common Stock issued to complete the initial Business Combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial Business Combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the Units issued in the Initial Public Offering except that (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our Sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) the holders thereof (including with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants) are entitled to registration rights. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Because each Unit contains one-half of one Public Warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each Unit contains one-half of one Public Warrant. No fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two Units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose Units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the Units issued in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of an initial Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive business combination partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if they included a Public Warrant to purchase one share. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. Unlike some other blank check companies, if: we issue additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at an issue price (the Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share; the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and the volume weighted trading price during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, 
 then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business. Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A Common Stock and could entrench management. Our Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered Board of Directors and the ability of the Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will, subject to certain exceptions, be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Our Certificate of Incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation. This choice of forum provision may limit or make more costly a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Certificate of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor. An investment in our securities, and certain subsequent transactions with respect to our securities, may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences for an investor. For instance, because there is no authority that directly addresses the U.S. federal income tax implications of instruments similar to the Units we are issuing in the Initial Public Offering, the allocation an investor makes of the purchase price of a Unit between the share of our Class A Common Stock and the partial warrant to purchase Class A Common Stock included in each Unit could be challenged by the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of Public Warrants is unclear under current law. Additionally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our shares of Class A Common Stock suspend the running of a U.S. holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A Common Stock is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be eligible for favorable U.S. federal income tax treatment. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with and rely solely upon its own tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income if we are treated as a personal holding company (a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by five or fewer such persons during the last half of a taxable year. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 General Risk Factors Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations. Any restatements of our financial results, or the time required to evaluate possible errors, may impact the market price for our Class A Common Stock and our ability to complete a business combination on a timely basis. There has been recent focus on historical accounting practices by SPACs. For example, on April 12, 2021, the SEC Staff issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by SPACs entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies, which resulted in a determination that the warrants and other related instruments issued by many SPACs, including us, being classified as liabilities rather equity. Further guidance from the SEC or industry-wide consensus could result in additional changes in the accounting treatment of features related to SPACs. Changes could result in the recognition of accounting errors in our previously issued financial statements, restatements of our previously issued audited financial statements, the filing of notices that previously issued financial statements may not be relied upon, and findings of material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting. In addition, such changes, or the time required to evaluate any such changes, could delay our ability to consummate a business combination or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our ability to consummate an initial business combination. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A Common Stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of year s second fiscal quarter before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our offices are located at 300 S 1350 E, 2nd Floor, Lehi, UT 84043. Our offices are provided to us by an affiliate of certain members of our management team. The Company has agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof in an amount equal to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuers Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our Units began trading on the NASDAQ under the symbol BNNRU on September 8, 2021. On October 28, 2021, we announced that holders of our Units could elect to separately trade the Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants included in the Units. On October 29, 2021, our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants began trading on the NASDAQ under the symbols BNNR and BNNRW, respectively. Holders of Record At April 6, 2022, there was one holder of record of our Units, one holder of record of our Class A Common Stock, 28 holders of record of our Class B Common Stock, one holder of record of our Public Warrants and one holder of record of our Private Placement Warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Performance Graph Not required for smaller reporting companies. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales In March 2021, the Sponsor acquired 6,468,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, consisting of 6,468,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares, increasing its effective payment per share to approximately 0.006 per share The founder shares were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company completed a private placement with the Sponsor for 210,000 Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Use of Proceeds In September 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 15,700,000 Units, including 700,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock, and one-half of one redeemable Public Warrant, with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 157,000,000. On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company completed a private placement with the Sponsor for an additional 210,000 Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000. A total of 158,570,000, comprised of 153,860,000 of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and 4,710,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) has been deposited in the Trust Account. BofA Securities, Inc. served as underwriter for the Initial Public Offering. The securities sold in the Initial Public Offering were registered under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration Statement which was declared effective by the SEC on September 7, 2021. From March 12, 2021 (inception) through the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we incurred approximately 850,000 for costs and expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we paid a total of 3,140,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer approximately 5,495,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on September 9, 2021. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of approximately 5,495,000, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial Business Combination) and offering expenses, the total net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement were approximately 158,570,000, of which approximately 157,000,000 (or 10.00 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering) was placed in the Trust Account. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Business We are a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on March 12, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a Business Combination. Our entire activity for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 relates to our formation and Initial Public Offering, described below, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective acquisition target for a Business Combination. We have selected December 31 as our fiscal year end. The Registration Statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 7, 2021. In September 2021, we consummated its Initial Public Offering of 15,700,000 Units, including 700,000 Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A Common Stock, and one-half of one Public Warrant, with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 157,000,000. In connection with the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter was granted an option to purchase up to an additional 2,250,000 Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On September 22, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option and, on September 27, 2021, the underwriter purchased 700,000 Over-allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,000,000. On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering we completed the Private Placement of the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, we completed the Additional Private Placement Warrants, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000. The total Private Placement Warrants after the Additional Private Placement Warrants is 8,210,000. A total of 158,570,000, comprised of 153,860,000 of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and 4,710,000 of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) has been deposited in the Trust Account. As indicated in the accompanying financial statements, at December 31, 2021, we had 1,384,587 in cash. Further, we expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our initial Business Combination plans. We cannot assure you that we will identify any suitable target candidates or, if identified, that we will be able to complete the acquisition of such candidates on favorable terms or at all. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to effectuate the Initial Public Offering. We will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial Business Combination. We will generate non-operating revenue in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. We expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as expenses as we conduct due diligence on prospective Business Combination candidates. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 For the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 1,476,232, which consisted of 86,290 in formation costs, 1,232,075 in operating expenses, and 161,644 in franchise tax expense, offset by a 3,777 gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2021, we had cash of 1,384,587 outside of the Trust Account, and working capital of approximately 1,347,753. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our Sponsor, officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our Trust Account. We do not currently believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are more than we estimate, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. For inception (March 12, 2021) to date ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 1,677,611. Net loss of 1,476,232 was affected by changes in operating assets and liabilities that used 404,717, a 3,777 gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account, 187,115 in share-based compensation expense and 20,000 in formation and operating costs that were paid through the issuance of common stock to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2021, we had cash held in Trust Account of 158,573,777. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes paid and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. Going Concern On a routine basis, we assess going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern . As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,384,587 in our operating bank account, 1,347,753 of working capital, and 158,573,777 of cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem our common stock in connection therewith. We believe that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing, however, there is a risk that our liquidity may not be sufficient. The Sponsor intends, but is not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans to sustain operations in the event of a liquidity deficiency. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 We have until March 10, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension is not requested by the Sponsor there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. While Management expects to complete a Business Combination prior to March 10, 2023, this date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The Company has agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof in an amount equal to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of December 31, 2021, 60,000 was paid for the administrative support, and no amounts were accrued for. The underwriters of the Initial Public Offering were entitled to underwriting discounts and commissions of 5.5 , of which 2 (approximately 3,140,000) was paid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and 3.5 (approximately 5,495,000) was deferred. The deferred underwriting discounts and commissions will become payable to the underwriters upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination and will be paid from the amounts held in the Trust Account. The underwriters are not entitled to any interest accrued on the deferred underwriting discounts and commissions. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of unaudited financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates effecting our financial statements: Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480. Class A Common Stock subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our Class A Common Stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, the Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. Net Loss per Share The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the periods. The shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of loss per share for shares of common stock subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of loss per share. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Adjustment associated with the redeemable shares of Class A Common Stock is excluded from loss per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk We are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10 of Regulation S-K and are not required to provide the information otherwise required by this item. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements (1) Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 68 Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021 69 Statement of Operations for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 70 Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 71 Statement of Cash Flows for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 72 Notes to Financial Statements 73-84 (1) All supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statement or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Banner Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Banner Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the period from March 12, 2021(inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from March 12, 2021(inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2021 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. April 6, 2022 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 BANNER ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEET DECEMBER 31, 2021 

ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Prepaid expenses Total current assets Cash held in Trust Account Other assets Total Assets LIABILITIES, COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current liabilities: Accounts payable Franchise tax payable Accrued expenses Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting fees payable Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value Stockholders deficit Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Total stockholders deficit ) Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 BANNER ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

For The Period From March 12, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 Formation costs General and administrative expenses Franchise tax expenses Loss from operations ) Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account Net loss ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A subject to possible redemption ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class B non-redeemable common stock ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 BANNER ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 12, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 12, 2021 THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Common Stock Additional Total Class A Class B Paid-In Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of March 12, 2021 (inception) Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Forfeiture of Founder Shares ) ) Proceeds from the sale of Class A common stock Paid underwriters fees ) Deferred underwriting fees payable ) Fair value of Public Warrants ) Other offering costs ) ) ) Share based compensation to directors Proceeds from the sale of private placement warrants Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption value ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 BANNER ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 12, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Loss ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Share based compensation expense Gain on marketable securities (net), dividends and interest, held in Trust Account ) Formation and operating expenses paid in exchange for Founder Shares Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid and other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses Net cash used in operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Repayment of related party promissory note ) Proceeds from sale of Class A shares, gross Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Offering costs paid ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase in cash Cash - beginning of period Cash - end of period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Initial classification of class A common stock subject to possible redemption Adjustment of Class A Common Stock to redemption value Offering costs paid through promissory note - related party Deferred underwriting fees payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (the Business Combination ). As of December 31, 2021, the Company had not yet commenced operations. All activity for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering ), described below, and since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for a prospective acquisition target for a Business Combination. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. The Company s sponsor is Banner SPAC Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The Registration Statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on September 7, 2021. In September 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of units (the Units ), including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock of the Company, par value per share Class A Common Stock ), and one -half of one redeemable warrant of the Company Public Warrant ), with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of (see Note 3). On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement ), the Company completed the private sale (the Private Placement of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company completed a private placement with the Sponsor for an additional warrants at a price of per warrant (the Additional Private Placement Warrants ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of . The total Private Placement Warrants after the Additional Private Placement Warrants is . A total of , comprised of of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering (including the Over-allotment Units) and of the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (including the Additional Private Placement Warrants) has been deposited in a U.S.-based trust account Trust Account maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the Trust Account (as defined below) (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding any deferred underwriting commissions) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management has agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, including the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the sale of forward purchase Units, will be held in a trust account located in the United States with American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 per share, sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) or without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Stockholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will not redeem the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . If a stockholder vote is not required by law or applicable stock exchange rule and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial stockholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased by them during or after the Initial Public Offering, and the Anchor Investors (as defined below in Note 5) will agree to vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any Public Shares they may own in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. The Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares and the Company s officers and directors (collectively, the initial stockholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment; and the Anchor Investors will not be entitled to (i) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to redeem of our Public Shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering if we have executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for an initial Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period ), and the Company s stockholders have not amended the Certificate of Incorporation to extend such Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP for financial information and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately . The Company s liquidity needs through December 31, 2021, were satisfied through loans from the Sponsor and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private Placement not held in the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (defined below, see Note 5). As of December 31, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. Management has determined that the Company has access to funds from the Sponsors, and the Sponsors have the financial wherewithal to fund the Company, that are sufficient to fund its working capital needs until the consummation of a Business Combination or for a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of the financial statements. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating a Business Combination (including the Pending Business Combination). Going Concern On a routine basis, we assess going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern . As of December 31, 2021, we had in our operating bank account, of working capital, and of cash held in the Trust Account to be used for a Business Combination or to repurchase or redeem our common stock in connection therewith. We believe that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or one year from this filing, however, there is a risk that our liquidity may not be sufficient. The Sponsor intends, but is not obligated to, provide us with Working Capital Loans to sustain operations in the event of a liquidity deficiency. We have until March 10, 2023 to consummate a Business Combination. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date and an extension is not requested by the Sponsor there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. While Management expects to complete a Business Combination prior to March 10, 2023, this date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 in cash and cash equivalents, outside of the funds held in the Trust Account, as of December 31, 2021. Less: Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance ) Class A common stock issuance costs ) Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption . As of December 31, 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 77 

Table of Contents) Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, Redeemable Class A Common Stock ) Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Numerator: Net loss allocable to non-redeemable Class B Common Stock Net loss allocable to non-redeemable Class B Common Stock ) Denominator: Weighted Average non-redeemable Class B Common Stock Basic and diluted net loss share, Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock ) The shares of Class B Common Stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. The Company s statement of operations includes a presentation of loss per share for shares of common stock subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of loss per share. With respect to the adjustment of the Class A Common Stock 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company s management determined that the United States is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. There were unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. Units, including Units that were issued pursuant to the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of share of Class A Common Stock, and one -half of one redeemable Public Warrant, with each whole Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock for per share. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . On September 27, 2021, simultaneously 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . founder shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , consisting of shares of Class B Common Stock. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the aggregate number of Founder Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such Founder Shares would represent of the outstanding shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor to . In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of Founder Shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of Founder Shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of the over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional founder shares, reducing the aggregate number of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor to . Class B Founder Shares The Class B Common Stock is convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein. Prior to the Business Combination, only holders of the Class B Common Stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors. Certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors not affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor or any member of the Company s management expressed to the Company an interest in purchasing up to Units (the 9.9 Anchor Investors and Units (the 4.95 Anchor Investors and together with the 9.9 Anchor Investors, the Anchor Investors ). In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, Sponsor sold Founder Shares to each 9.9 Anchor Investor and Founder Shares to each 4.95 Anchor Investor, or an aggregate of Founder Shares, in each case at Sponsor s purchase price. The Company estimated the fair value of the Founder Shares sold to Anchor Investors to be per share. The estimated fair value of the Founder Shares are deemed as offering costs based on the company s assessment of SAB Topic 5A, and as a result, were recorded as offering expense upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. Related Party Working Capital Loan In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Related Party Promissory Note On March 12, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 8, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, there was outstanding under the promissory note. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the period from March 12, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, was expensed as under the arrangement. (or of the per Unit offering price to the underwriter at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the underwriter s overallotment option, with an additional fee of of the gross offering proceeds payable only upon the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination (the Deferred Discount ). The Deferred Discount of will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. The Company granted the underwriter a option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The overallotment option was partially exercised on September 27, 2021. preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2021, there were preferred stock issued or outstanding . Class A Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue Class A Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class A Common Stock issued or outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption). Class B Common Stock - The Company is authorized to issue Class B Common Stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2021, shares of Class B Common Stock were issued and outstanding . Holders of the Class A Common Stock and holders of the Class B Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders, except as required by law or applicable stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B Common Stock shall have the right to vote on the election of the Company s directors prior to the Business Combination. The shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, will automatically convert into Class A Common Stock at the time of the Business Combination on a -for-one basis (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as described herein. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the sale of the shares of the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A Common Stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A Common Stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A Common Stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A Common Stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A Common Stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that (i) they will not be redeemable by the Company, (ii) they (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the Sponsor until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis and (iv) are subject to registration rights. Redemption of Public Warrants: Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part at a price of per warrant upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the -day redemption period and if, and only if, the reported closing price of Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant-holders. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 -day redemption period or the Company requires the Public Warrants to be exercised on a cashless basis as described below. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, its management will have the option to require any holders that wishes to exercise its Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, management will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on its stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Company s Public Warrants. If the Company takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the 10-day average closing price (defined below) as of the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants. The 10-day average closing price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock as reported during the -trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. If the Company takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. The Company believes this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after the Company s initial Business Combination. If the Company calls warrants for redemption and the Company does not take advantage of this option, the Company s Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant-holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. State Valuation allowance Income tax provision The Company s net deferred tax assets are as follows: Net operating loss carryforward Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating losses can be carried forward indefinitely. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . Share Based Compensation ) Change in Valuation Allowance ) Effective Tax Rate The Company s effective tax rates for the periods presented differ from the expected (statutory) rates due to the recording of full valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Total assets There were transfers to and from Levels 1, 2, and 3 for the period from March 12, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2021. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies and for an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, respectively. During the most recently completed fiscal year, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the fourth quarter of 2021 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance As of the date of this report, our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name Age Position Christopher Christensen 53 Chairman Tanner Ainge 38 Chief Executive Officer and Director Greg Woodward 46 Chief Financial Officer and Director Tyler Price 31 Vice President Jerry Coleman 48 Director Thomas Costello 44 Director Chad Keetch 44 Director Ron Labrum 65 Director Ryan Westwood 38 Director Christopher Christensen serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Christensen is the co-founder and Executive Chairman of The Ensign Group, Inc. Ensign NASDAQ: ENSG), a leading publicly-traded operator in the skilled nursing sector. Mr. Christensen previously served as President of Ensign from 1999 to 2006 and as Chief Executive Officer of Ensign from 2006 to 2019. During his terms as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman, Ensign completed more than 160 acquisitions, and successfully spun off its real estate assets into CareTrust REIT, Inc. CareTrust REIT NASDAQ: CTRE) and its home health, hospice and assisted living assets into The Pennant Group, Inc. Pennant , NASDAQ: PNTG), which has executed 10 acquisitions since March 2020. Ensign and Pennant have realized stock returns of over 2,000 and 150 , representing compound annual growth rates of 25 and 71 , since the IPO in November 2007 and spin-off in October 2019, respectively, as of June 24, 2021. As of June 24, 2021, Ensign and Pennant had market capitalizations of approximately 4.8 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively. An investor who purchased a share of Ensign stock in its IPO and held such investment continuously would currently own two shares of Ensign stock as a result of its stock split in 2015, and one share of each of CareTrust REIT and Pennant as a result of their respective spin-offs from Ensign. These shares of stock had an aggregate market value of 240.01 as of June 24, 2021, which would represent a 15.0x multiple of invested capital compared to the Ensign IPO price of 16.00 per share. Prior to forming Ensign, Mr. Christensen served as Chief Operating Officer of Covenant Care, Inc., a California-based provider of skilled nursing and rehabilitation services. Mr. Christensen received a Bachelor of Science in Economics from Brigham Young University. He is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors as our Chairman due to his extensive experience leading a public company, including experience with M A and spin-off transactions. Tanner Ainge has been our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since inception. Mr. Ainge is the Managing Partner of Banner Ventures, a private investment firm where his primary responsibilities include sourcing, underwriting, and overseeing a portfolio of private equity and growth-stage investments on behalf of a close-knit group of family offices and successful entrepreneurs. He most recently co-led a 52 million investment into Pattern, Inc. Pattern ), a rapidly growing provider of global e-Commerce solutions. From July 2018 to March 2020, Mr. Ainge led the mergers and acquisitions strategy for Outbox Systems, Inc. (d.b.a. Simplus ), a Salesforce implementation partner, including acquisitions in Europe and Asia and eventual merger of Simplus with Infosys Ltd. (NYSE: INFY) in March 2020. From July 2013 to August 2015, Mr. Ainge served as an executive of Ensign, where he managed the company s acquisition pipeline and process, and then served as General Counsel of CareTrust REIT following its spin-off from Ensign. Mr. Ainge began his career in mergers and acquisitions with private equity firm HGGC LLC and later with the global law firm Kirkland Ellis LLP. He is also a judge advocate in the Utah National Guard and was appointed to the Governor s Economic Development Board for the State of Utah in 2021. Mr. Ainge received a Bachelor of Arts in International Studies from Brigham Young University and a Juris Doctor from Northwestern University School of Law. He is well-qualified to serve as our Chief Executive Officer and on our Board of Directors due to his extensive finance, investment, M A and advisory experience across numerous industries. Greg Woodward has been our Chief Financial Officer and a member of our Board of Directors since inception. Mr. Woodward is a private investor, advisor and Operating Executive with Banner Ventures. Mr. Woodward currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer of Udo, LLC, a Farmington, Utah based digital health technology company. Prior to joining Udo, LLC, Mr. Woodward was the Chief Financial Officer for Sorenson Media, Inc., an internet and television advertising company from January 2017 to February 2018. Following Mr. Woodward s departure, Sorenson Media, Inc. filed for bankruptcy protection in October 2018. From April 2013 to 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 January 2017, he was the Chief Financial Officer for Pluralsight, Inc. Pluralsight ), an online technology training company, where he oversaw eight acquisitions and a 135 million round of venture financing, resulting in triple-digit growth in revenue and employee headcount. Prior to joining Pluralsight, Mr. Woodward was a Senior Vice President of private equity firm HGGC LLC from 2008 to 2012. Mr. Woodward received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Utah Valley State College and a Master of Professional Accountancy from the University of Utah. He is well-qualified to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and on our Board of Directors due to his extensive finance, investment and advisory background with growth stage companies. Tyler Price serves as a Vice President of Banner Acquisition Corp. Mr. Price is a Vice President of Banner Ventures, where his primary responsibilities include sourcing, underwriting, and deal execution. From June 2019 to May 2021, Mr. Price led Corporate Development for Lucid Software, Inc. Lucid Software ), a privately-held, visual collaboration software-as-a-service business. While at Lucid Software, Mr. Price oversaw the divestiture of its Lucidpress division to Charles Thayne Capital LLC. Prior to joining Lucid Software, Mr. Price was an Associate at Tower Arch Capital LLC Tower Arch Capital ), a Utah-based private equity firm from February 2017 to June 2019. While at Tower Arch Capital, Mr. Price worked on transactions and portfolio support across various industries, including business services, oil and gas, telecom, and building products. Mr. Price began his career in New York City in investment banking at Citigroup Inc. s Global Industrial Group from June 2015 to February 2017. Mr. Price received a Bachelor of Science in Finance from Brigham Young University. Jerry Coleman serves as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Coleman is an experienced investor and entrepreneur within the residential ecosystem who has created innovative business models in housing, technology and renewable energy. He is the founder and Chairman of Elevation Home Energy Solutions, Inc., a leading residential provider of renewable energy products and services. In 2015, he co-founded Chandler, AZ-based Offerpad, Inc. Offerpad ), a premium online platform that revolutionizes how people sell their homes by eliminating the hassle and uncertainty of the traditional home selling process. Offerpad recently announced a business combination with Supernova Partners Acquisition Company with a post-transaction equity value of 3.0 billion. In 2012, Mr. Coleman co-founded Invitation Homes Inc., which with backing from Blackstone assembled the largest portfolio of single family homes in U.S. history and raised 1.5 billion in its initial public offering in 2017. Mr. Coleman received a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from the W.P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University and a Juris Doctor from the J. Reuben Clark Law School at Brigham Young University. He is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his business experience and extensive background with growth stage companies. Thomas Costello serves as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Costello is currently a Managing Director at Duchossois Capital Management LLC DCM ), a privately held, family-owned investment company that creates long-term value by applying the extensive industry knowledge, operational expertise, and permanent capital base developed over ten decades as a family business. He is responsible for investment activities including sourcing, executing and managing private investments. Mr. Costello is a Board Director or Board Observer of multiple privately-held DCM portfolio companies, and led DCM s investments in Incline Energy Partners, L.P., Pattern, the Rivers Casino in Des Plaines, Illinois, and SightMD, a New York-based provider of ophthalmology treatment and surgery. Prior to joining DCM, Mr. Costello was a Principal at Baird Capital Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm from 2007 to 2017. From 2002 to 2006, he was a Senior Associate at Chicago Growth Partners LLC, a mid-market private equity firm. Mr. Costello began his career in investment banking at Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. in Chicago in 2000. In 2010, Mr. Costello, along with his wife, co-founded the not-for-profit Twin Hearts Autism Foundation. Mr. Costello received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Chicago and a Masters of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive finance, investment and advisory background in a diverse set of industries. Chad Keetch serves as a member of our Board of Directors and as Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Keetch has served as the Chief Investment Officer of Ensign since May 2019 and Executive Vice President since June 2014. Since 2010, Mr. Keetch has been instrumental in managing Ensign s acquisitions, real estate matters, capital markets and spin-off transactions, investor relations, corporate governance and new ventures. Prior to joining Ensign, Mr. Keetch was an attorney at Stoel Rives LLP from September 2008 to March 2010 and Kirkland Ellis LLP from September 2005 to September 2008, where his practice emphasized mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, capital markets transactions and corporate governance issues. Mr. Keetch received a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Brigham Young University, a Masters of Business Administration from The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business and a Juris Doctor from The Ohio State University Moritz College of Law. He is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience with new ventures, corporate governance and acquisitions. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Ron Labrum serves as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Labrum is an experienced operator and leader in the healthcare distribution and medical device sectors. He is an Operating Partner with Linden Capital Partners, a leading healthcare-focused private equity firm. Most recently, Mr. Labrum served as CEO of Fenwal, Inc. Fenwal ), a private equity backed spinout of the device business of Baxter International Inc. Baxter International NYSE: BAX) focused on blood technologies. Mr. Labrum led Fenwal for six years prior to a successful sale of the company to Fresenius SE Co. He began his career with American Hospital Supply Corporation and spent over 25 years with Baxter International, Allegiance Corporation, and Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE: CAH). Mr. Labrum s career has been distinguished by leadership roles in sales, operations, and manufacturing in addition to execution and integration of several mergers and acquisitions. He currently serves on the Boards of Ortho Clinical Diagnostics Holdings plc (NASDAQ: OCDX), Wright Medical Group N.V. Adare Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Suture Express, Inc. Mr. Labrum received a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from Utah State University. He is well qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive business background in leadership positions. Ryan Westwood serves as a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Westwood is an accomplished entrepreneur and investor. Mr. Westwood co-founded Simplus, a Salesforce implementation partner and information technology company, in January 2014 and served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Simplus completed seven acquisitions and expanded its operations on four continents and was then acquired by Infosys Ltd. in March 2020. Mr. Westwood continues to serve as Chief Executive Officer of Simplus and as a member of its Board of Directors. Mr. Westwood also serves as an Advisor to Banner Ventures. Mr. Westwood is the best-selling author of the book The Five Characteristics of a Successful Entrepreneur . He is also a national columnist whose work has been featured in Forbes, CIO Magazine, The Wall Street Journal and other national business publications. He is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive experience with founding and growing early stage companies and his substantial advisory background. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have eight directors. Our Board of Directors are divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Thomas Costello and Ron Labrum, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jerry Coleman, Ryan Westwood and Greg Woodward, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Tanner Ainge, Christopher Christensen and Chad Keetch will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. Our officers are appointed by the Board of Directors and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our Board of Directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman or Co-Chairmen of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Director Independence NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. However, as a controlled company we are not obligated to comply with this listing requirement, but we do intend to comply with this requirement as of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Coleman, Costello, Keetch, Labrum and Westwood are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Committees of the Board of Directors Our Board of Directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NASDAQ rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NASDAQ rules require that the compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company each be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of our Board of Directors. Messrs. Keetch, Costello and Coleman serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Keetch is the chair the audit committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Keetch, Costello and Coleman meet the independent director standard under NASDAQ listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Keetch qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our Board of Directors. Messrs. Costello, Keetch and Westwood serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Costello, Keetch and Westwood are independent and Mr. Westwood serves as chair the compensation committee. We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the 15,000 per month payable to our Sponsor or an affiliate thereof pursuant to the Administrative Support Agreement in reimbursement of certain expenses and the reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial Business Combination. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance are Messrs. Costello, Keetch and Westwood, and Mr. Costello serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee are to assist the Board of Directors in: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the Board of Directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors; developing and recommending to the Board of Directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the Board of Directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 The nominating and corporate governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of NASDAQ. Director Nominations Our nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the Board of Directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our Board of Directors. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of any class of equity security which is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no delinquent filers. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. Our Code of Ethics is available on our website at www.banneracquisition.com. In addition, a copy of our Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We will also post any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics on our website. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Board of Directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ that serve as a flexible framework within which our Board of Directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. Conflicts of Interest Affiliates of our management team may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within affiliates of our management team may be suitable for both us and for another entity and may be directed to such entity rather than to us. Members of our management team who are also employed by such entities have no obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or her capacity as an officer of the company. Members of our management team, in their capacities as employees or principals of their affiliates or in their other endeavors, currently are required to present certain investment opportunities and potential business combinations to the various related entities described above, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would be smaller than what we are interested in, or to entities that are not themselves in the business of engaging in business combinations. Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. In addition, we do not intend to acquire any business that does business with or is in competition with Ensign, which invests in facilities that provide skilled nursing and senior living services, without the prior written approval consent of Ensign. In addition, members of our management team or their affiliates may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination, and members of our management team may participate in such blank check companies. These relationships may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us, as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our initial stockholders, officers and directors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Additionally, our Sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial Business Combination within 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of our Public Shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our Sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to our initial Business Combination, (x) if the reported closing price of our Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Common Stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination. Since our initial stockholders and officers and directors will directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a Business Combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or any of our officers or 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 
 The conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Accordingly, as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers, directors and director nominees currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual(1) Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Christopher Christensen The Ensign Group, Inc. Skilled Nursing Operator Executive Chairman Tanner Ainge Banner Ventures Private Investment Firm Managing Partner Greg Woodward Banner Ventures Udo, LLC Private Investment Firm Digital Health Technology Operating Executive Chief Financial Officer Tyler Price Banner Ventures Private Investment Firm Operating Executive Jerry Coleman Elevation Home Energy Solutions, Inc. Residential renewable energy provider Chairman Thomas Costello Duchossois Capital Management Incline Energy Partners, L.P. Private Investment Firm Oil and Gas Managing Director Director Chad Keetch The Ensign Group, Inc. Skilled Nursing Operator Chief Investment Officer and Executive Vice President Ron Labrum Linden Capital Partners Private Equity Firm Operating Partner Ryan Westwood Simplus, Inc. Salesforce Implementation Partner Chief Executive Officer and Director Banner Ventures Private Investment Firm Advisor (1) Each of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference relative to us with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this table of his obligations and the presentation by each such individual of business opportunities. (2) Such person is a director of the indicated entity and/or its portfolio companies, and may be obligated to show acquisitions to such entity or entities before we may pursue such acquisitions. 
 Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers, directors or director nominees becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he will honor his 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We do not believe, however, that any of the foregoing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations will materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Our officers and directors may become an officer or director of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered or intended to be registered under the Exchange Act, even before we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial Business Combination. In the event that we submit our initial Business Combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial Business Combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our Certificate of Incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Except with respect to any Public Shares they may acquire in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial Business Combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial Business Combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the Trust Account, and not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Item 11. Executive Compensation None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Other than the 15,000 per month payable to our Sponsor or an affiliate thereof pursuant to the Administrative Support Agreement in reimbursement of office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support made available to us, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our officers and directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. We do not have a policy that prohibits our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination. After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial Business Combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the Board of Directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our Board of Directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters . We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares as of April 6, 2022 by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; each of our executive officers, directors and director nominees; and all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. 

 95 

Table of Contents 
 Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof. 

Number of Approximate Shares Percentage of Beneficially Outstanding Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned(2) Common Stock Banner SPAC Sponsor, LLC(3) 2,844,375 14.49 Tanner Ainge(3) 2,844,375 14.49 HGC Investment Management Inc. (4) 1,485,000 7.57 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) 1,485,000 7.57 Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. (6) 1,485,000 7.57 Sculptor Capital LP (7) 935,401 4.77 Christopher Christensen 45,000 Greg Woodward 30,000 Tyler Price 10,000 Jerry Coleman 20,000 Thomas Costello 20,000 Chad Keetch 25,000 Ron Labrum 20,000 Ryan Westwood 20,000 All executive officers, directors and presidents as a group (nine individuals) 3,034,375 15.46 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 300 S 1350 E, 2nd Floor, Lehi, UT 84043. 
 (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B Common Stock. The Class B Common Stock is convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 
 (3) Our Sponsor is the record holder of such shares. Banner Ventures Management, LLC is the managing member of our Sponsor, and as such, has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our Sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our Sponsor. Mr. Ainge is the managing member of Banner Ventures Management, LLC. Certain of our officers and directors hold a direct or indirect interest in our Sponsor. Each such person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. 
 (4) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 on behalf of HGC Investment Management Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Canada HGC ), which serves as the investment manager to The HGC Fund LP, an Ontario limited partnership (the Fund ), with respect to such shares held by HGC on behalf of the Fund. The Fund has the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends or the proceeds from the sale of more than 5 of the Shares. The business address of this stockholder is 1073 Yonge Street, 2 nd Floor, Toronto, Ontario M4W 2L2, Canada.
 (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 7, 2022 on behalf of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, which serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the shares directly held by PMSMF. PMSMF has the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from or the proceeds from the sale of more than 5 of the shares. The business address of this stockholder is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 
 (6) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021 on behalf of Tenor Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. (the Master Fund ), Tenor Capital Management Company, L.P. Tenor Capital ), and Robin Shah. serves as the investment manager to the Master Fund. Robin Shah serves as the managing member of Tenor Management GP, LLC, the general partner of 

 96 

Table of Contents 
 Tenor Capital. By virtue of these relationships, the Master Fund, Tenor Capital and Robin Shah may be deemed to have shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the Shares owned directly by the Master Fund. The address of the principal business offices of the Master Fund, Tenor Capital and Robin Shah is 810 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1905, New York, NY 10019. 
 (7) According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022 on behalf of Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), a Delaware limited partnership, Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ), a Delaware limited partnership and wholly owned by Sculptor, Sculptor Capital Holding Corporation SCHC ), a Delaware corporation, Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), a Delaware limited liability company that is wholly owned by Sculptor, Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), a Delaware limited liability company, Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF is a Cayman Islands company, Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD is a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd. SCCO is a Cayman Islands company, Sculptor SC II LP NJGC is a Delaware limited partnership, Sculptor Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd. SCEN is a Cayman Islands company. Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts (collectively, the Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the Common Stock in the Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC-II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As such, SCHC and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the common stock. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and may be deemed a beneficial owner of the common stock reported herein. The address of the principal business offices of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, SCU, SCMF, NRMD, SCEN, SCCO and NJGC is 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. 
 
 Holders of our founder shares beneficially own 20 of our issued and outstanding common stock. Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election or removal of directors, amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial Business Combination. The holders of the founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial Business Combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial Business Combination or in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation. In March 2021, the Sponsor acquired 6,468,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, consisting of 6,468,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares. In connection with the Anchor Investors purchasing Units in our Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor sold an aggregate of 890,625 founder shares to the Anchor Investors. On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company completed a private placement with the Sponsor for 210,000 Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000 Our Sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Founder Shares In March 2021, the Sponsor acquired 6,468,750 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, consisting of 6,468,750 shares of Class B Common Stock. The Sponsor forfeited 2,156,250 founder shares prior to the consummation of the Initial Public 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Offering, reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the Sponsor to 4,312,500. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor returned to the Company an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares, which the Company canceled, and the Company issued an aggregate of 190,000 founder shares to its director nominees and certain of its directors at Sponsor s effective purchase price. In addition, as a result of the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, our Sponsor forfeited an additional 387,500 founder shares. Class B Founder Shares The Class B Common Stock is convertible into shares of our Class A Common Stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein. Prior to the Business Combination, only holders of the Company s Class B Common Stock will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors. Certain qualified institutional buyers or institutional accredited investors not affiliated with the Company, the Sponsor or any member of the Company s management expressed to the Company an interest in purchasing up to 1,485,000 Units (the 9.9 Anchor Investors and 742,500 Units (the 4.95 Anchor Investors and together with the 9.9 Anchor Investors, the Anchor Investors ). In connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, Sponsor sold 93,750 founder shares to each 9.9 Anchor Investor and 46,875 founder shares to each 4.95 Anchor Investor, or an aggregate of 890,625 founder shares, in each case at Sponsor s purchase price. The Company estimated the fair value of the founder shares sold to Anchor Investors to be 6.65 per share. Registration Rights The holders of founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (a defined below), if any (and any Class A Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans), will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed on the date of the prospectus for the Initial Public Offering. These holders will be entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Private Placement Warrants On September 10, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering and pursuant to the Private Warrant Purchase Agreement, the Company completed the private sale of 8,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 8,000,000. On September 27, 2021, simultaneously with the sale of the Over-allotment Units, the Company completed a private placement with the Sponsor for 210,000 Additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 210,000. Related Party Working Capital Loan In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 Related Party Promissory Note On March 12, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 8, 2021 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2021, there was 0 outstanding under the promissory note. Administrative Support Agreement Commencing on the date the Units are first listed on NASDAQ, the Company has agreed to reimburse the Sponsor or an affiliate thereof in an amount equal to 15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of December 31, 2021, 60,000 was paid for the administrative support, and no amounts were accrued for. Director Independence NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our Board of Directors be independent. However, as a controlled company we are not obligated to comply with this listing requirement, but we do intend to comply. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s Board of Directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Coleman, Costello, Keetch, Labrum and Westwood are independent directors as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Fees for professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm since inception include: 

For the Period from March 12, 2021 (Inception) to December 31, 2021 Audit Fees (1) 75,705 Total 75,705 (1) Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings.
 
 Policy on Board Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of the Independent Auditors The audit committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. In recognition of this responsibility, the audit committee shall review and, in its sole discretion, pre-approve all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors as provided under the audit committee charter. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Financial Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data herein. (b) Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Exhibits not incorporated by reference to a prior filing are designated by an asterisk ); all exhibits not so designated are incorporated by reference to a prior filing as indicated. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 3.2 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Public Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 4.4 Specimen Private Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 4.5 Public Warrant Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 4.6 Private Warrant Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021) 4.7 Description of Securities. 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, among the Company, the Sponsor and the other parties named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.4 Administrative Support Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and Banner Ventures Management, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 10.5 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated September 7, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40784) filed with the SEC on September 10, 2021). 10.6 Promissory Note, dated March 12, 2021, issued to Sponsor by the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 10.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 10.8 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 12, 2021, between the Company and Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Commission File No. 333-257906), filed on July 15, 2021). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BANNER ACQUISITION CORP. Date: April 6, 2022 By: /s/ Tanner Ainge Tanner Ainge Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Tanner Ainge and Greg Woodward, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Tanner Ainge Chief Executive Officer April 6, 2022 Tanner Ainge (Principal Executive Officer and Director) /s/ Greg Woodward Chief Financial Officer April 6, 2022 Greg Woodward (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Director) /s/ Christopher Christensen Chairman April 6, 2022 Christopher Christensen /s/ Jerry Coleman Director April 6, 2022 Jerry Coleman /s/ Thomas Costello Director April 6, 2022 Thomas Costello /s/ Chad Keetch Director April 6, 2022 Chad Keetch /s/ Ron Labrum Director April 6, 2022 Ron Labrum /s/ Ryan Westwood Director April 6, 2022 Ryan Westwood 
 102 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 bnnru-20211231xex4d7.htm
 EXHIBIT-4.7

Exhibit 4.7 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description of Banner Acquisition Corp. s (the Company, we, us or our units, Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A common stock or public shares ), Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class B common stock or founder shares and, together with the Class A common stock, common stock ), undesignated preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, is based upon the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, bylaws and applicable provisions of law. We have summarized certain portions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws below. The summary is not complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each of which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. The following also summarizes certain provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the DGCL. Terms used, but not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part. General Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 20,000,000 shares of Class B common stock and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Units Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company public warrant ). Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. Only whole warrants are exercisable. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units. If, upon separation of the units, a holder of warrants would be entitled to receive a fractional warrant, we will round down to the nearest whole number the number of warrants to be issued to such holder. In addition, only whole warrants will trade. Our units are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the NASDAQ under the symbol BNNRU. On October 28, 2021, we announced that, commencing on October 29, 2021, holders of our units may elect to separately trade the shares of Class A common stock and public warrants included in the units. On October 29, 2021, the shares of Class A common stock and public warrants began trading on the NASDAQ under the symbols BNNR and BNNRW, respectively. Additionally, the units will automatically separate, if not previously separated, into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. Common Stock As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, 15,700,000 shares of our Class A common stock and 3,925,000 shares of our Class B common stock were outstanding. Other than in respect of the appointment and removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, common stockholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of our Class B common stock have the right to appoint and remove all of our directors prior to our initial business combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, holders of record of the Class A common stock and holders of record of the Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority 

 of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election or removal of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares of common stock voted for the election or removal of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 200,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. In accordance with NASDAQ corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NASDAQ. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their public shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions that we will pay to the underwriter of our initial public offering. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its public shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Banner SPAC Sponsor, LLC (our sponsor ), officers and directors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them, and our anchor investors will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) without a stockholder vote by means of a tender offer. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the Company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting. If we conduct redemptions by means of a tender offer, the tender offer documents will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If we seek stockholder approval, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates in privately negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders and the anchor investors, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions), and the anchor investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result of the agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors and the anchor investors to vote their founder shares in favor of our initial business combination, we would need only 5,887,501 public shares, or 37.5 of the 15,700,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering (assuming all outstanding shares are voted), or 981,251 public shares, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted) of the 15,700,000 public shares sold in our initial offering, including the 700,000 shares sold upon the underwriter s partial exercise of its over-allotment option, to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. The anchor investors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. In the event that the anchor investors hold all of the units that they have purchased in the initial public offering until prior to consummation of our initial business combination and vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination, no affirmative votes from other public stockholders would be required to approve our initial business combination. The anchor investors are not required to vote any of their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or for or against any other matter presented for a stockholder vote. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a stockholder on the record date for the stockholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding paragraph). Pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than 10 business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, our initial stockholders or anchor investors that acquired public shares in or after our initial public offering will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. 

 In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which will be net of taxes paid by us) upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are identical to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold in our initial public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder rights as public stockholders, except that (1) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock (2) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below, (3) our sponsor, officers and directors will not be entitled to (A) redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (B) redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, (4) the founder shares are entitled to certain registration rights and (5) only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination. In the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees, as applicable, will agree) to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination; and the anchor investors will not be entitled to (i) redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of each tranche of founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 12 , 4 or 4 (based on varying triggering events as discussed in more detail below) of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of our initial public offering, plus the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement-equivalent warrants issued to our sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans; provided that such conversion of founder shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Securities could be deemed issued for purposes of the conversion rate 

 adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible securities, warrants or similar securities. Our initial stockholders and anchor investors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the reported closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange at the time of our initial business combination, or at any time prior thereto at the option of the holder, on a one for one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights as described herein, their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, except for certain restrictions on transfers. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial stockholders with respect to any founder shares. Such transfer restrictions are referred to as the lock-up. Preferred Stock Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our Board of Directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our Board of Directors will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. Warrants Public Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, a warrant-holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant-holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. On the exercise of any warrant, the warrant exercise price will be paid directly to us and not placed in the trust account. We will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No public warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the public warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any public warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised public warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant, if not cash settled, will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

 We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the public warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the sale of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination or within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant-holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise public warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis. Notwithstanding the above, if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares of Class A common stock under all applicable state securities laws to the extent an applicable exemption is not available. Redemption of Public Warrants Once the public warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding public warrants for cash (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption, which we refer to as the 30-day redemption period; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant-holders. We will not redeem the warrants unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the sale of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period or we require the warrants to be exercised on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. If we call the public warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holders that wishes to exercise its public warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of public warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our public warrants. 

 If we take advantage of this option, all holders of public warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their public warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the 10-day average closing price as of the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants. The 10-day average closing price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. If we take advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and we do not take advantage of this option, holders of our private placement warrants would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant-holders would have been required to use had all warrant-holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. We have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the public warrants, each warrant-holder will be entitled to exercise its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. Redemption Procedures A holder of a public warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments If the number of outstanding shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion 10-day average closing price shall mean, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. The fair market value means the 10-day average closing price as of the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants. Last reported sale price means the last reported sale price of the shares of Class A common stock on the date prior to the date on which 

 notice of exercise of the warrant is sent to the warrant agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no shares of Class A common stock shall be issued at less than their par value. In addition, if we, at any time while the public warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (ii) with respect to any other material provisions relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. If the number of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. Whenever the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the public warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately thereafter. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the public warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their public warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the public warrant properly exercises the public warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the public warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the public warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the public warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the public warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the public warrants. This formula is to compensate the warrant-holder for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant-holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 

 The public warrants have been issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. You should review a copy of the public warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the public warrants. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, or to correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. The public warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of public warrants being exercised. The warrant-holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock or any voting rights until they exercise their public warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant-holder. As a result, warrant-holders not purchasing an even number of warrants must sell any odd number of warrants in order to obtain full value from the fractional interests that will not be issued. In addition, if (x) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Board of Directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by the sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the public warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us (except as described above under Redemption of Public Warrants ). Except as described in this paragraph and below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants sold as part of the units issued in our initial public offering, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

 If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants in exchange for a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (A) the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants and (B) the excess of the 10-day average closing price as of the date prior to the date on which notice of exercise is sent or given to the warrant agent, less the warrant exercise price by (y) such 10-day average closing price. The 10-day average closing price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A common stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. Last reported sale price means the last reported sale price of the shares of Class A common stock on the date prior to the date on which notice of exercise of the warrant is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders who could exercise their warrants sell the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such working capital loans by our sponsor or their affiliates, or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. Our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our Board of Directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains a provision which provides that, if we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such amendment. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either: (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders 

 may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against, or abstain from voting on, the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes; or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to tender their public shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, in each case subject to the limitations described herein; we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, of at least 5,000,001 or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of our initial business combination at a duly held stockholders meeting; if our initial business combination is not consummated within the completion window, then we must (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on funds held in the trust account (net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; prior to our initial business combination, we will not issue any additional shares of our capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof (1) to receive funds from the trust account or (2) to vote on any initial business combination, any pre-initial business combination activity, or any amendment to the article or articles in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern, among other things, distributions from the trust account, certain rights of stockholders related to our consummation of an initial business combination and other pre-initial business combination matters; although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; our initial business combination must occur with one or more operating businesses or assets with an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management for working capital purposes, if permitted, and excluding any deferred underwriting commissions); and we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least 65 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Holders of our founder shares, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will provide that, unless 

 otherwise required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by a majority of the shares of common stock voted by our stockholders at a duly held stockholder meeting. Additionally, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors and that holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the Board of Directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only be amended by at least 90 of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote on such amendment. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations, under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. A business combination includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: our Board of Directors approves the transaction that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; after the completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our Board of Directors be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our Board of Directors only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. Our authorized but unissued common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Special meeting of stockholders Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our Board of Directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by a Co-Chairman. Advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations Our bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by our secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. Action by written consent Any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B common stock. Classified Board of Directors Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only 

 by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election or removal of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our Board of Directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. Class B Common Stock Consent Right For so long as any shares of Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers, preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. Registration Rights The holders of (i) the founder shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) private placement warrants, which were issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and the shares of Class A common stock underlying such private placement warrants and (iii) private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and their underlying securities) will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration rights agreement dated September 7, 2021. These holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities Act. In addition, these holders will have piggy-back registration rights to include their securities in other registration statements filed by us, subject to certain limitations. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bnnru-20211231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Tanner Ainge, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Banner Acquisition Corp. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) [Intentionally omitted]; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 6, 2022 /s/ Tanner Ainge Tanner Ainge Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bnnru-20211231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Greg Woodward, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Banner Acquisition Corp. (the registrant for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) [Intentionally omitted]; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: April 6, 2022 /s/ Greg Woodward Greg Woodward Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bnnru-20211231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) I, Tanner Ainge, Chief Executive Officer of Banner Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. Date: April 6, 2022 /s/ Tanner Ainge Tanner Ainge Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bnnru-20211231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002) I, Greg Woodward, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Banner Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certificate is being furnished solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. Date: April 6, 2022 /s/ Greg Woodward Greg Woodward Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bnnru-20211231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bnnru-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bnnru-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bnnru-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

