<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220104_10-K_edgar_data_357294_0001437749-22-000287.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18109159</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>511748</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1930516</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7570951</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3698179</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3865112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-22-000287.hdr.sgml : 20220104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220104162645
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-22-000287
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000357294
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		IRS NUMBER:				221851059
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08551
		FILM NUMBER:		22506405

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 MATAWAN ROAD, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			MATAWAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07747
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7327477800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		90 MATAWAN ROAD, 5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			MATAWAN
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07747

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-22-000287.txt : 20220104

10-K
 1
 hov20211031_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

hov20211031_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 
 OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission file number: 
 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Global Market 

(1) Each share of Common Stock includes an associated Preferred Stock Purchase Right. Each Preferred Stock Purchase Right initially represents the right, if such Preferred Stock Purchase Right becomes exercisable, to purchase from the Company one ten-thousandth of a share of its Series B Junior Preferred Stock for each share of Common Stock. The Preferred Stock Purchase Rights currently cannot trade separately from the underlying Common Stock. 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer Nonaccelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity as of April 30, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. shares of Class A Common Stock and shares of Class B Common Stock were outstanding as of December 10, 2021. 

1

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 
 
 Part III Those portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with registrant s annual meeting of stockholders to be held on March 29, 2022, which are responsive to those parts of Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 as identified herein. 

2

Table of Contents 

FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item 
 
 Page 

PART I 
 4 

1 
 Business 
 4 

1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 

2 
 Properties 
 21 

3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 

4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 21 

PART II 
 21 

5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 

6 
 Reserved 
 21 

7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 

8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 

9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 

9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 

9B 
 Other Information 
 43 

9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

PART III 
 44 

10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 

11 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 

12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 

13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 

14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 
 45 

15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 

16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 51 

Signatures 
 52 

3

Table of Contents 

Part I 
 
 ITEM 1 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. HEI conducts all of its homebuilding and financial services operations through its subsidiaries (references herein to the Company , we , us or our refer to HEI and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be understood to reflect the consolidated business of HEI s subsidiaries). Through its subsidiaries, HEI designs, constructs, markets, and sells single-family detached homes, attached townhomes and condominiums, urban infill, and active lifestyle homes in planned residential developments and is one of the nation s largest builders of residential homes. Founded in 1959 by Kevork Hovnanian, HEI was incorporated in New Jersey in 1967 and reincorporated in Delaware in 1983. Since the incorporation of HEI s predecessor company, the Company combined with its unconsolidated joint ventures have delivered in excess of 355,000 homes, including 6,793 homes in fiscal 2021. The Company has two distinct operations: homebuilding and financial services. Our homebuilding operations consist of six segments: Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Southeast, Southwest and West. Our financial services operations provide mortgage loans and title services to the customers of our homebuilding operations. 
 
 We are currently, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, offering homes for sale in 124 communities in 26 markets in 14 states throughout the United States. We market and build homes for first-time buyers, first-time and second-time move-up buyers, luxury buyers, active lifestyle buyers and empty nesters. We offer a variety of home styles at base prices ranging from 173,000 to 1,273,000 with an average sales price, including options, of 431,000 nationwide in fiscal 2021. 
 
 Our operations span all significant aspects of the home-buying process from design, construction, and sale, to mortgage origination and title services. 
 
 The following is a summary of our growth history: 
 
 1959 - Founded by Kevork Hovnanian as a New Jersey homebuilder. 
 
 1983 - Completed initial public offering. 
 
 1986 - Entered the North Carolina market through the investment in New Fortis Homes. 
 
 1992 - Entered the greater Washington, D.C. market. 
 
 1994 - Entered the Coastal Southern California market. 
 
 1998 - Expanded in the greater Washington, D.C. market through the acquisition of P.C. Homes. 
 
 1999 - Entered the Dallas, Texas market through our acquisition of Goodman Homes. Further diversified and strengthened our position as New Jersey s largest homebuilder through the acquisition of Matzel Mumford. 
 
 2001 - Continued expansion in the greater Washington D.C. and North Carolina markets through the acquisition of Washington Homes. This acquisition further strengthened our operations in each of these markets. 
 
 2002 - Entered the Central Valley market in Northern California and Inland Empire region of Southern California through the acquisition of Forecast Homes. 
 
 2003 - Expanded operations in Texas and entered the Houston market through the acquisition of Parkside Homes and Brighton Homes. Entered the greater Ohio market through our acquisition of Summit Homes and entered the greater metro Phoenix market through our acquisition of Great Western Homes. 
 
 2004 - Entered the greater Tampa, Florida market through the acquisition of Windward Homes and started operations in the Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota market. 
 
 2005 - Entered the Orlando, Florida market through our acquisition of Cambridge Homes and entered the greater Chicago, Illinois market and expanded our position in Florida and Minnesota through the acquisition of the operations of Town Country Homes, which occurred concurrently with our entering into a joint venture with affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Advisors to own and develop Town Country Homes existing residential communities. We also entered the Cleveland, Ohio market through the acquisition of Oster Homes. 
 
 2006 - Entered the coastal markets of South Carolina and Georgia through the acquisition of Craftbuilt Homes. 
 
 During fiscal 2016, we exited the Minneapolis, Minnesota and Raleigh, North Carolina markets and sold land portfolios in those markets. During fiscal 2018, we completed a wind down of our operations in the San Francisco Bay area in Northern California and in Tampa, Florida. During fiscal 2020, we began a wind down of our operations in the Chicago, Illinois market. 

4

Table of Contents 

Geographic Breakdown of Markets by Segment 
 
 The Company markets and builds homes that are constructed in 16 of the nation s top 50 housing markets. We segregate our homebuilding operations geographically into the following six segments: 
 
 Northeast: New Jersey and Pennsylvania 
 
 Mid-Atlantic: Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia 
 
 Midwest: Illinois and Ohio 
 
 Southeast: Florida, Georgia and South Carolina 
 
 Southwest: Arizona and Texas 
 
 West: California 
 
 For financial information about our segments, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Human Capital 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, we employed 1,784 full-time associates of whom 1,268 were involved in our Homebuilding operations, 165 were involved in the Financial Services operations and 351 were involved in our Corporate operations. We do not have collective bargaining agreements relating to any of our associates. 
 
 Successful execution of our strategy is dependent on attracting, developing and retaining key associates and members of our management team. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of our team significantly benefit our operations and performance. We continuously evaluate, modify, and enhance our internal processes and technologies to increase engagement, productivity, efficiency and the skills our associates need to be successful. 
 
 We believe that talented associates are the Company s greatest asset and play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of October 31, 2021, 19 of our associates had been with the Company for more than 15 years, and the average tenure of all associates was greater than seven years. We understand that our ultimate success and ability to compete are significantly dependent on how well we identify, hire, train, and retain highly qualified personnel. We realize that each associate has a unique vision and their own special talents. We are committed to being an employer that fosters the growth of each associate, while building an inclusive and diverse workforce. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, our Accelerated Leadership Development Program (ALDP) formed its second class following the initial success of the 2018 ALDP. The goal of this program is to identify leaders within and outside of the organization (as part of our recruiting efforts) to mentor, in order to drive growth and value creation, as well as considerations for succession planning. We actively seek to attract women and candidates of diverse backgrounds to the ALDP, and we significantly increased the proportion of women and underrepresented groups by 44 with our fiscal 2021 ALDP class. 
 
 We believe that our focus on diversity and inclusion across the organization positions the Company to deliver innovation and growth. We have a diverse associate base comprised of 28 non-white associates as of October 31, 2021. Additionally, as of October 31, 2021, 44 of our associates were women, and women represent 40 of all associates in manager and more senior positions. 
 
 Promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment is a major priority at Hovnanian. In 2020, the Company formed a Diversity Inclusion Committee, which is led by the CEO and comprised of members of senior leadership and associates in various functions throughout the organization representing various backgrounds. The objective of the committee is to advise on and evaluate the Company s diversity and inclusion initiatives and to offer suggestions and guidance. The Diversity Inclusion Committee meets quarterly. All associates are required to take a Diversity Made Simple training course. Associates in leadership positions (representing approximately 20 of all associates) are obligated to participate in more extensive diversity and inclusion training sessions. 
 
 Hovnanian is also a founding member of the Building Talent Foundation whose mission is to advance the education, training and careers of people from underrepresented groups in the fields of skilled technical workers and as business owners in the residential construction industry. 
 
 Through a combination of competitive benefits and educational programs, we believe that we positively contribute to the well-being of our associates and the communities in which they live and work. Our benefits packages include medical, dental, and vision coverage, as well as health savings accounts, life insurance, disability income, 401(k) savings plan with a company match and other assistance and wellness programs. Together, these benefits help keep our associates and their dependents healthy, while giving them tax-advantaged ways to save for retirement and establish long-term financial security. This package of programs is routinely reevaluated in order to meet the changing needs of our associates in our diverse organization. 
 
 From the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and throughout, we made the safety of our associates, trade partners and customers our top priority. We were quick to respond with our company wide COVID-19 Prevention, Preparedness Response Plan and further implemented state-specific COVID-19 plans where required. Our COVID-19 plans were generated and periodically amended following the most current guidance from the Center for Disease Control (CDC) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) as well as state requirements based on the geographic location of our various operations. 

5

Table of Contents 

During fiscal 2021, in light of the Company s successful experience managing the remote working environment due to the pandemic and the recognition of the associated environmental benefits, the Company introduced a hybrid work schedule whereby, once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted and associates anticipate returning to the office, most office associates may work two days a week from home. We believe this change to a hybrid work model will promote a healthier work and home life balance for our associates while simultaneously providing the environmental benefits of having fewer vehicles on the road. 
 
 We also have committed considerable resources to furthering our associates personal and professional growth. We have a repository of over 400 training modules/courses to facilitate these learning sessions in both in-person and virtual settings, including mandatory diversity, ethics, sexual harassment and safety training courses. 
 
 Corporate Offices and Available Information 
 
 Our corporate offices are located at 90 Matawan Road, Fifth Floor, Matawan, New Jersey 07747 (See Item 2-Properties). Our telephone number is 732-747-7800, and our Internet web site address is www.khov.com. Information available on or through our web site is not a part of this Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through our web site our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(d) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Copies of the Company s Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports are available free of charge upon request. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 Business Strategies 
 
 Given our belief in the long-term recovery of the homebuilding market, we remain focused on identifying new land parcels, which will allow us to continue to improve our financial performance. For seven consecutive quarters through the third quarter of fiscal 2019, our total number of lots controlled increased as compared to the same period of the prior year. This growth in lot control led to increased community count in fiscal 2019, which along with faster absorption pace per community, allowed us to increase fiscal 2020 deliveries by 15.0 over fiscal 2019, and increased our October 31, 2020 backlog by 55.3 over October 31, 2019. This faster absorption pace continued in fiscal 2021, resulting in a 9.1 increase in deliveries over fiscal 2020 and caused our community count to decrease during the first half of fiscal 2021, however, we have increased our community count in recent months to 124 at October 31, 2021, and expect to continue to grow community count going forward, although it may fluctuate up and down during the first half of fiscal 2022. We continue to see opportunities to purchase land at prices that make economic sense in light of our current sales prices and sales paces and plan to continue actively pursuing such land acquisitions. New land purchases at pricing that we believe will generate appropriate investment returns and drive greater operating efficiencies are needed to sustain profitability. Our continued profitability in fiscal 2021 and our expectations for the future enabled us to reverse a substantial portion of our valuation allowance previously recorded against our deferred tax assets, creating positive equity. 
 
 We continue to be focused on maintaining adequate liquidity and evaluating new investment opportunities. Our excess liquidity in fiscal 2021 allowed us to repurchase 180.9 million of senior secured notes in the third and fourth quarters of the fiscal year. In addition to our current focus on liquidity, we intend to continue to focus on our historic key business strategies, as enumerated below. We believe that these strategies separate us from our competitors in the residential homebuilding industry and the adoption, implementation and adherence to these principles will continue to benefit our business. 
 
 Our goal is to become a significant builder in each of the selected markets in which we operate, which will enable us to achieve powers and economies of scale and differentiate ourselves from most of our competitors. 
 
 As noted above, we offer a broad product array to provide housing to a wide range of customers. Our customers consist of first-time buyers, first-time and second-time move-up buyers, luxury buyers, active lifestyle buyers and empty nesters. Our diverse product array includes single-family detached homes, attached townhomes and condominiums, urban infill and active lifestyle homes. 
 
 We are committed to customer satisfaction and quality in the homes that we build. We recognize that our future success rests in the ability to deliver quality homes to satisfied customers. We seek to expand our commitment to customer service through a variety of quality initiatives. In addition, our focus remains on attracting and developing quality associates. See "Human Capital" above for further discussion. 
 
 We focus on achieving high return on invested capital. Each new community is evaluated based on its ability to meet or exceed internal rate of return requirements. Our belief is that the best way to create lasting value for our shareholders is through a strong focus on return on invested capital. 
 
 We prefer to use a risk-averse land acquisition strategy. We attempt to acquire land with a minimum cash investment and negotiate takedown options, thereby limiting the financial exposure to the amounts invested in property and predevelopment costs. This approach significantly reduces our risk and generally allows us to obtain necessary development approvals before acquisition of the land. 
 
 Our strategy includes homebuilding and land development joint ventures as a means of controlling lot positions, expanding our market opportunities, establishing strategic alliances, reducing our risk profile, leveraging our capital base and enhancing our returns on capital. Our homebuilding joint ventures are generally entered into with third-party investors to develop land and construct homes that are sold directly to home buyers. Our land development joint ventures include those with developers and other homebuilders, as well as financial investors to develop finished lots for sale to the joint venture s members or other third parties. 
 
 We manage our financial services operations to better serve all of our home buyers. Our current mortgage financing and title service operations enhance our contact with customers and allow us to coordinate the home-buying experience from beginning to end. 

6

Table of Contents 

Operating Policies and Procedures 
 
 We attempt to reduce the effect of certain risks inherent in the housing industry through the following policies and procedures: 
 
 Training - Our training is designed to provide our associates with the knowledge, attitudes, skills and habits necessary to succeed in their jobs. Our training department regularly conducts in-person, online or webinar training in sales, construction, administration and managerial skills. 
 
 Land Acquisition, Planning, and Development - Before entering into a contract to acquire land, we complete extensive comparative studies and analyses which assist us in evaluating the economic feasibility of such land acquisition. We generally follow a policy of acquiring options to purchase land for future community developments. 

Where possible, we acquire land for future development through the use of land options, which need not be exercised before the completion of the regulatory approval process. We attempt to structure these options with flexible takedown schedules rather than with an obligation to take down the entire parcel upon receiving regulatory approval. If we are unable to negotiate flexible takedown schedules, we will buy parcels in a single bulk purchase. Additionally, we purchase improved lots in certain markets by acquiring a small number of improved lots with an option on additional lots. This allows us to minimize the economic costs and risks of carrying a large land inventory, while maintaining our ability to commence new developments during favorable market periods. 

Our option and purchase agreements are typically subject to numerous conditions, including, but not limited to, our ability to obtain necessary governmental approvals for the proposed community. Generally, the deposit on the agreement will be returned to us if all approvals are not obtained, although predevelopment costs may not be recoverable. By paying an additional nonrefundable deposit, we have the right to extend a significant number of our options for varying periods of time. In most instances, we have the right to cancel any of our land option agreements by forfeiture of our deposit on the agreement. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, rather than purchase additional lots in underperforming communities, we took advantage of this right and walked away from 3,201 lots, 3,900 lots and 5,153 lots, respectively, out of 23,624 total lots, 20,204 total lots and 23,157 total lots, respectively, under option, resulting in pretax charges of 1.6 million, 6.8 million and 3.6 million, respectively. 

Design - Our residential communities are generally located in urban and suburban areas easily accessible through public and personal transportation. Our communities are designed as neighborhoods that fit existing land characteristics. We strive to create diversity within the overall planned community by offering a mix of homes with differing architecture, textures and colors. Recreational amenities, such as swimming pools, tennis courts, clubhouses, open areas and tot lots, are frequently included. 
 
 Construction - We design and supervise the development and building of our communities. Our homes are constructed according to standardized prototypes, which are designed and engineered to provide innovative product design while attempting to minimize costs of construction. We generally employ subcontractors for the installation of site improvements and construction of homes. Agreements with subcontractors are generally short term and provide for a fixed price for labor and materials. We rigorously control costs through the use of computerized monitoring systems. 
 
 Because of the risks involved in speculative building, our general policy is to construct an attached condominium or townhouse building only after signing contracts for the sale of at least 50 of the homes in that building. A majority of our single-family detached homes are constructed after the signing of a sales contract and mortgage approval has been obtained. This limits the buildup of inventory of unsold homes and the costs of maintaining and carrying that inventory. 
 
 Materials and Subcontractors - We attempt to maintain efficient operations by utilizing standardized materials available from a variety of sources. In addition, we generally contract with subcontractors to construct our homes. We have reduced construction and administrative costs by consolidating the number of vendors serving certain markets and by executing national purchasing contracts with select vendors. Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, we have experienced construction delays due to shortages in the supply of materials, as well as labor shortages in all of our markets. The impact and the particular materials associated with the delays is varied from market to market, and we are currently experiencing increased construction cycle times by 45-60 days in many of our markets, but such timeframes could be elongated. We cannot predict the extent to which shortages in necessary materials or labor will continue or re-occur in our markets in the future. 
 
 Marketing and Sales - Our homes in residential communities are sold principally through on-site sales offices. In order to respond to our customers needs and trends in housing design, we rely upon our internal market research group to analyze information gathered from, among other sources, buyer profiles, exit interviews at model sites, focus groups and demographic databases. We make use of our website, internet, newspaper, radio, television, magazine, billboard, video and direct mail advertising, special and promotional events, illustrated brochures and full-sized and scale model homes in our comprehensive marketing program. In addition, we have home design galleries in our Florida, Ohio, South Carolina and Virginia markets, which offer a wide range of customer options to satisfy individual customer tastes. 
 
 In fiscal 2019, we established a national call center which is responsible for follow up generated by our web site and our digital marketing efforts. This call center continues to be a critical sales tool since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. The call center supports our ability to swiftly respond to incoming customer leads, schedule and conduct virtual tours and video chats, as well as set up in person model home tours. 
 
 Customer Service and Quality Control - In many of our markets, associates are responsible for customer service and preclosing quality control inspections as well as responding to post-closing customer needs. Prior to closing, each home is inspected and any necessary completion work is undertaken by us or our subcontractors. Our homes are enrolled in a standard limited warranty program which, in general, provides a homebuyer with a limited warranty for the home s materials and workmanship which follows each state s applicable statute of repose. All of the warranties contain standard exceptions, including, but not limited to, damage caused by the customer. 
 
 Customer Financing - We sell our homes to customers who generally finance their purchases through mortgages. Our financial services segment provides our customers with competitive financing and coordinates and expedites the loan origination transaction through the steps of loan application, loan approval, and closing and title services. We originate loans in each of the states in which we build homes. We believe that our ability to offer financing to customers on competitive terms as a part of the sales process is an important factor in completing sales. 

7

Table of Contents 

During the year ended October 31, 2021, for the markets in which our mortgage subsidiaries originated loans, 8.5 of our home buyers paid in cash and 68.3 of our noncash home buyers obtained mortgages from our mortgage banking subsidiary. The loans we originated in fiscal 2021 were 71.9 prime and 27.4 Federal Housing Administration/Veterans Affairs FHA/VA ). The remaining 0.7 of our loan originations represent loans which exceed conforming conventions. 
 
 We sell virtually all of the loans and loan-servicing rights that we originate within a short period of time. Loans are sold either individually or against forward commitments to institutional investors, including banks, mortgage banking firms, and savings and loan associations. 
 
 Residential Development Activities 
 
 Our residential development activities include site planning and engineering, obtaining environmental and other regulatory approvals and constructing roads, sewer, water, and drainage facilities, recreational facilities, and other amenities and marketing and selling homes. These activities are performed by our associates, together with independent architects, consultants and contractors. Our associates also carry out long-term planning of communities. A residential development generally includes single-family detached homes and/or a number of residential buildings containing from two to 24 individual homes per building, together with amenities, such as club houses, swimming pools, tennis courts, tot lots and open areas. 
 
 Current base prices for our homes in contract backlog at October 31, 2021, range from 578,000 to 1,200,000 in the Northeast, from 220,000 to 1,120,000 in the Mid-Atlantic, from 173,000 to 680,000 in the Midwest, from 251,000 to 1,273,000 in the Southeast, from 239,000 to 803,000 in the Southwest and from 308,000 to 1,063,000 in the West. Closings generally occur and are typically reflected in revenues within six to nine months of when sales contracts are signed. 
 
 Information on homes delivered by segment for the year ended October 31, 2021, is set forth below: 

Housing 

Homes 

(Housing revenue in thousands) 
 
 Revenues 

Delivered 

Average Price 

Northeast 

140,212 

201 

697,572 

Mid-Atlantic 

465,432 

849 

548,212 

Midwest 

248,531 

773 

321,515 

Southeast 

276,207 

602 

458,816 

Southwest 

902,248 

2,531 

356,479 

West 

641,080 

1,248 

513,686 

Consolidated total 

2,673,710 

6,204 

430,966 

Unconsolidated joint ventures (1) 

345,793 

589 

587,085 

(1) Represents housing revenues and home deliveries for our unconsolidated homebuilding joint ventures for the period. We provide this data as a supplement to our consolidated results as an indicator of the volume managed in our unconsolidated joint ventures. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 The value of our net sales contracts, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, increased 2.6 to 2.9 billion for the year ended October 31, 2021 from 2.8 billion for the year ended October 31, 2020, while the number of homes contracted decreased 13.4 to 6,023 in fiscal 2021 from 6,953 in fiscal 2020. The decrease in the number of homes contracted occurred along with a 14.8 decrease in the average number of open-for-sale communities from 128 for fiscal 2020 to 109 for fiscal 2021. However, we ended fiscal 2021 with 124 active selling communities. We contracted an average of 55.3 homes per average active selling community in fiscal 2021 compared to 54.3 homes per average active selling community in fiscal 2020, a 1.8 increase in sales pace per community for fiscal 2021. 
 
 Information on the value of net sales contracts by segment for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, is set forth below: 

Percentage of 

(Value of net sales contracts in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Change 

Northeast 

196,496 

171,181 

14.8 

Mid-Atlantic 

541,684 

510,229 

6.2 

Midwest 

273,459 

272,170 

0.5 

Southeast 

320,485 

270,277 

18.6 

Southwest 

1,001,844 

872,630 

14.8 

West 

553,624 

717,973 

(22.9) 

Consolidated total 

2,887,592 

2,814,460 

2.6 

Unconsolidated joint ventures(1) 

536,597 

571,926 

(6.2) 

(1) Represents net contract dollars for our unconsolidated homebuilding joint ventures for the period. We provide this data as a supplement to our consolidated results as an indicator of the volume managed in our unconsolidated joint ventures. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 The following table summarizes our active selling communities under development as of October 31, 2021. The contracted not delivered and remaining homes available in our active selling communities are included in the consolidated total homesites under the total residential real estate chart in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

8

Table of Contents 

Active Selling Communities 

Contracted 

Remaining 

Approved 

Homes 

Not 

Homes 

Communities 

Homes 

Delivered 

Delivered(1) 

Available(2) 

Northeast 

6 

871 

50 

172 

649 

Mid-Atlantic 

20 

3,788 

1,628 

508 

1,652 

Midwest 

8 

2,107 

844 

605 

658 

Southeast 

22 

2,601 

865 

421 

1,315 

Southwest 

53 

8,924 

4,196 

1,076 

3,652 

West 

15 

3,661 

1,436 

465 

1,760 

Total 

124 

21,952 

9,019 

3,247 

9,686 

(1) 
 Includes 254 home sites under option. 

(2) 
 Of the total remaining homes available, 291 were under construction or completed (including 104 models and sales offices), and 5,053 were under option. 

Backlog 
 
 At October 31, 2021 and 2020, including unconsolidated joint ventures, we had a backlog of signed contracts for 5,535 homes and 4,820 homes, respectively, representing a 14.8 increase, with sales values aggregating 2.2 billion and 1.8 billion, respectively. The majority of our backlog at October 31, 2021 is expected to be completed and closed within the next six to nine months. At November 30, 2021 and 2020, our backlog of signed contracts, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was 5,820 homes and 5,089 homes, respectively, with sales values aggregating 2.3 billion and 1.9 billion, respectively. For information on our backlog excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, see the table on page 34 under Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations -Homebuilding. 
 
 Sales of our homes typically are made pursuant to a standard sales contract that provides the customer with a statutorily mandated right of rescission for a period ranging up to 15 days after execution. This contract requires a nominal customer deposit at the time of signing. In addition, in the Northeast, and some sections of the Mid-Atlantic and Midwest, we typically obtain an additional 5 to 10 down payment due within 30 to 60 days after signing. In most markets, an additional deposit is required when a customer selects and commits to optional upgrades in the home. The contract may include a financing contingency, which permits customers to cancel their obligation in the event mortgage financing at prevailing interest rates (including financing arranged or provided by us) is unobtainable within the period specified in the contract. This contingency period typically is four to eight weeks following the date of execution of the contract. When housing values decline in certain markets, some customers cancel their contracts and forfeit their deposits. Cancellation rates are discussed further in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Sales contracts are included in backlog once the sales contract is signed by the customer, which in some cases includes contracts that are in the rescission or cancellation periods. However, revenues from sales of homes are recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, when title to the home is conveyed to the buyer, adequate initial and continuing investments have been received, and there is no continued involvement. 
 
 Residential Land Inventory in Planning 
 
 It is our objective to control a supply of land, primarily through options, whenever possible, consistent with anticipated homebuilding requirements in each of our housing markets. Controlled land (land owned and under option) as of October 31, 2021, exclusive of communities under development described above under Active Selling Communities and excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, is summarized in the following table. The proposed developable home sites in communities in planning are included in the 31,243 consolidated total home sites under the total residential real estate table in Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations on page 29. 

9

Table of Contents 

Communities in Planning 

Total 

Number 

Proposed 

Land 

of Proposed 

Developable 

Option 

Book 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Communities 

Home Sites 

Price 

Value(1) 

Northeast: 

Under option 

28 

2,525 

176,020 

14,532 

Owned 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

28 

2,525 

14,532 

Mid-Atlantic: 

Under option 

33 

4,969 

407,252 

15,750 

Owned 

8 

1,114 

36,249 

Total 

41 

6,083 

51,999 

Midwest: 

Under option 

9 

1,091 

48,991 

250 

Owned 

3 

29 

330 

Total 

12 

1,120 

580 

Southeast: 

Under option 

13 

1,450 

65,214 

1,904 

Owned 

8 

593 

27,702 

Total 

21 

2,043 

29,606 

Southwest: 

Under option 

45 

4,502 

246,511 

19,225 

Owned 

2 

178 

7,999 

Total 

47 

4,680 

27,224 

West: 

Under option 

7 

579 

57,706 

7,312 

Owned 

9 

1,280 

4,739 

Total 

16 

1,859 

12,051 

Totals: 

Under option 

135 

15,116 

1,001,694 

58,973 

Owned 

30 

3,194 

77,019 

Combined total 

165 

18,310 

135,992 

(1) 
 Properties under option also include costs incurred on properties not under option but which are under evaluation. For properties under option, as of October 31, 2021, option fees and deposits aggregated approximately 45.2 million. As of October 31, 2021, we spent an additional 13.8 million in nonrefundable predevelopment costs on such properties, including properties not under option but under evaluation. 

We either option or acquire improved or unimproved home sites from land developers or other sellers. Under a typical agreement with the land developer, we purchase a minimal number of home sites. The balance of the home sites to be purchased is covered under an option agreement or a nonrecourse purchase agreement. During a declining homebuilding market, we typically decide to mothball (or stop development on) certain communities where we have determined that current market conditions did not justify further investment at that time. When we decide to mothball a community, the inventory is reclassified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets from Sold and unsold homes and lots under development to Land and land options held for future development or sale. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on mothballed communities. For additional financial information regarding our homebuilding segments, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Raw Materials 
 
 The homebuilding industry has from time to time experienced raw material and labor shortages. In particular, shortages and fluctuations in the price of lumber or in other important raw materials could result in delays in the start or completion of or increase the cost of developing one or more of our residential communities. We attempt to maintain efficient operations by utilizing standardized materials available from a variety of sources. In addition, we generally contract with subcontractors to construct our homes. We have reduced construction and administrative costs by consolidating the number of vendors serving certain markets and by executing national purchasing contracts with select vendors. Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, we have experienced construction delays due to shortages in the supply of materials, as well as labor shortages in all of our markets. Additionally, we experienced a significant increase in lumber prices during fiscal 2021, although we have recently seen prices start to decrease. We cannot predict, however, the extent to which shortages in necessary raw materials or labor may occur in the future. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our business is seasonal in nature and, historically, weather-related problems, typically in the fall, late winter and early spring, can delay starts or closings and increase costs. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our homebuilding operations are highly competitive. We are among the top 15 homebuilders in the United States in both homebuilding revenues and home deliveries. We compete with numerous real estate developers in each of the geographic areas in which we operate. Our competition ranges from small local builders to larger regional builders to publicly owned builders and developers, some of which have greater sales and financial resources than we do. Previously owned homes and the availability of rental housing provide additional competition. We compete primarily on the basis of reputation, price, location, design, quality, service and amenities. 

10

Table of Contents 

Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 
 We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the development of land and home building, sales and customer financing processes concerning zoning, building design, construction, and similar matters, including local regulations which impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can eventually be built within the boundaries of a particular locality. In addition, we are subject to registration and filing requirements in connection with the construction, advertisement and sale of our communities in certain states and localities in which we operate even if all necessary government approvals have been obtained. We may also be subject to periodic delays or may be precluded entirely from developing communities due to building moratoriums that could be implemented in the future in the states in which we operate. Generally, such moratoriums relate to insufficient water or sewerage facilities or inadequate road capacity. 
 
 In addition, some state and local governments in markets where we operate have approved, and others may approve, slow-growth, or no-growth initiatives that could negatively affect the availability of land and building opportunities within those areas. Approval of these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to build and sell homes in the affected markets and/or could require the satisfaction of additional administrative and regulatory requirements, which could result in slowing the progress or increasing the costs of our homebuilding operations in these markets. Any such delays or costs could have a negative effect on our future revenues and earnings. 
 
 We are also subject to a variety of local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations concerning protection of health and the environment, including those regulating the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, the management of storm water runoff at construction sites, the handling, use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, impacts to wetlands and other sensitive environments, and the remediation of contamination at properties that we have owned or developed or currently own or are developing environmental laws ). The particular environmental laws which apply to any given community vary greatly according to the community site, the site s environmental conditions and the present and former uses of the site. See Risk Factors Homebuilders are subject to a number of federal, local, state, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the development of land, the homebuilding, sales, and customer financing processes and the protection of the environment, which can cause us to incur delays and costs associated with compliance and which can prohibit or restrict our activity in some regions or areas , Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Despite our past ability to obtain necessary permits and approvals for our communities, we anticipate that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on developers and homebuilders in the future. Although we cannot reliably predict the extent of any effect these requirements may have on us, they could result in time-consuming and expensive compliance programs and in substantial expenditures, which could cause delays and increase our cost of operations. In addition, our ability to obtain or renew permits or approvals and the continued effectiveness of permits already granted or approvals already obtained is dependent upon many factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as changes in policies, rules and regulations and their interpretation and application. 

11

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 You should carefully consider the following risks in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 Risk Relating to Our Business and Industry 
 
 The homebuilding industry is significantly affected by changes in general and local economic conditions and real estate markets, which could affect our ability to build homes at prices our customers are willing or able to pay, could reduce profits that may not be recaptured, could result in cancellation of sales contracts, and could affect our liquidity. 
 
 The homebuilding industry is cyclical, has from time to time experienced significant difficulties, and is significantly affected by changes in general and local economic conditions such as: 

Employment levels and wage and job growth; 

Labor shortages and increasing labor and materials costs, including because of changes in immigration laws and trends in labor migration; 

Availability and affordability of financing for home buyers; 

Interest rates; 

Adverse changes in tax laws; 

Regulatory changes; 

Foreclosure rates; 

Inflation; 

Consumer confidence and spending; 

Housing demand in general and for our particular community locations and product designs, as well as consumer interest in purchasing a home compared to other housing alternatives; 

Population growth and demographic trends; and 

Availability of water supply in locations in which we operate. 

Turmoil in the financial markets could affect our liquidity. In addition, our cash balances are primarily invested in short-term government-backed instruments. The remaining cash balances are held at numerous financial institutions and may, at times, exceed insurable amounts. We seek to mitigate this risk by depositing our cash in major financial institutions and diversifying our investments. In addition, our homebuilding operations often require us to obtain letters of credit. We have certain stand-alone letter of credit facilities and agreements pursuant to which letters of credit are issued. However, we may need additional letters of credit above the amounts provided under these facilities and letters of credit may not be issued under our current senior secured revolving credit facility. If we are unable to obtain such additional letters of credit as needed to operate our business, we would be adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, geopolitical events, acts of war or terrorism, threats to national security, civil unrest, any outbreak or escalation of hostilities throughout the world and health pandemics may have a substantial impact on the economy, consumer confidence, the housing market, our associates and our customers. 
 
 The difficulties described above could cause us to take longer and incur more costs to build our homes. In addition, our insurance may not fully cover business interruptions or losses caused by weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters and we may not be able to recapture increased costs by raising prices in many cases because we fix our prices up to 12 months in advance of delivery by signing home sales contracts. Some home buyers may also cancel or not honor their home sales contracts altogether. 

12

Table of Contents 

Raw material and labor shortages and price fluctuations could delay or increase the cost of home construction and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 The homebuilding industry is vulnerable to raw material and labor shortages and has from time to time experienced such shortages. In particular, shortages and fluctuations in the price of lumber or in other important raw materials could result in delays in the start or completion of, or increase the cost of, developing one or more of our residential communities. Pricing for labor and raw materials can be affected by various national, regional, local, economic and political factors. For example, the federal government has imposed new or increased tariffs or duties on an array of imported materials and goods that are used in connection with the construction and delivery of our homes, including lumber, raising our costs for these items (or products made with them). Such government imposed tariffs and trade regulations on imported building supplies, and retaliatory measures by other countries, may in the future have significant impacts on the cost to construct our homes and on our customers budgets, including by causing disruptions or shortages in our supply chain . We have experienced some labor shortages, price fluctuations and increased labor costs, including as a result of inflation or wage increases, over the past few years. The cost of labor may be adversely affected by changes in immigration laws and trends in labor migration. In addition, increased demand could increase material and labor costs. Due to significantly increased demand in June and July of 2020, we began increasing home prices which continued throughout fiscal 2021. While we believe that these price increases could offset potential material and labor cost increases, if rising labor and house construction costs substantially outpace increases in the income of potential purchasers we may be limited in our ability to raise home sale prices, which may result in lower gross margins. Since the COVID-19 pandemic began, we have experienced construction delays due to shortages in the supply of materials, as well as labor shortages in all of our markets. Additionally, we experienced a significant increase in lumber prices during fiscal 2021, although we have recently seen prices start to decrease. 
 
 Our business has been, and could continue to be, materially and adversely disrupted by the present outbreak and worldwide spread of COVID-19 and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it. 
 
 There have been extraordinary and wide-ranging actions taken by international, federal, state and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and worldwide spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) in the United States and across the world, including quarantines, curfews, stay-at-home or shelter in place orders and similar mandates for many individuals to substantially restrict daily activities and for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations. Such measures undertaken by governmental authorities to address COVID-19 have, and could continue to, significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period, and thereby, and/or along with any associated economic and consumer uncertainty, have a material adverse impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Our response to the various governmental measures in mid-March and early April of 2020, including, among other measures, temporarily closing our sales offices, model homes and design studios to the general public and limiting our construction operations, and the response of municipal and private services we rely on, substantially tempered our sales pace. Beginning in May 2020 and continuing through April 30, 2021, our sales pace exceeded our pre-COVID sales pace. The further spread of COVID-19 and a resurgence of the infection rate have led governmental authorities to once again tighten restrictions. Although our sales pace and net contracts have continued to be reasonably strong, similar to pre-COVID sales pace, they have slowed some more recently, and we remain uncertain regarding the full long-term magnitude or duration of the business and economic impacts from the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic. Further, it remains unknown whether recent, current or anticipated demand will continue once the current COVID-19 pandemic subsides. 
 
 Our business could also be negatively impacted over the medium-to-longer term if the lasting disruptions related to the COVID-19 pandemic decrease consumer confidence generally or more particularly with respect to purchasing a home; cause civil unrest; or precipitate a prolonged economic downturn and/or an extended rise in unemployment or tempering of wage growth, any of which could lower demand for our homes; impair our ability to sell and build homes in a typical manner or at all, generate revenues and cash flows, and/or access our senior secured revolving credit facility or the capital or lending markets (or significantly increase the costs of doing so), as may be necessary to sustain our business; increase the costs or decrease the supply of building materials or the availability of subcontractors and other talent, including as a result of infections or medically necessary or recommended self-quarantining, or governmental mandates to direct production activities to support public health efforts; increase costs of doing business due to the potential impact of vaccine mandates/testing requirements; and/or result in our recognizing charges in future periods, which may be material, for impairments, land option write-offs or restructuring. Such a circumstance could, among other things, exhaust our available liquidity (and ability to access liquidity sources) and/or trigger an acceleration to pay a significant portion or all of our then-outstanding debt obligations, which we may be unable to do. The inherent uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, due in part to the evolving and changing environment, infection levels and governmental directives, concerns about the winter months, public health challenges and progress, and market reactions thereto, also make it more challenging for our management to estimate the future performance of our business and develop strategies to generate growth or achieve our objectives. 
 
 Should the adverse impacts described above (or others that are currently unknown) occur or intensify, whether individually or collectively, we would expect to experience, among other things, decreases in our net contracts, homes delivered, average selling prices, revenues and profitability, some of which we experienced in March and April of 2020, and such impacts could be material to our Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods. 
 
 The homebuilding industry is significantly affected by changes in weather and other environmental conditions, and resulting governmental regulations. 
 
 Weather conditions and man-made or natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods or prolonged precipitation, droughts, fires and other environmental conditions can harm the local homebuilding business. Additionally, the physical impacts of climate change may cause these occurrences to increase in frequency, severity and duration, which can delay home construction, increase costs by damaging inventories, reduce the availability of building materials, and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas, as well as slow down or otherwise impair the ability of utilities and local governmental authorities to provide approvals and service to new housing communities. For example, wildfires in California and hurricanes in Texas and Florida in recent years have at various times caused utility company delays, slowing of our production process, increased cost of operations and also have impacted our sales and construction activity in affected markets during the related time periods. Additionally, other coastal areas where we operate face increased risks of adverse weather or natural disasters. 
 
 In addition, there is a growing concern from advocacy groups and the general public that the emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and temperatures and the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Government mandates, standards and regulations enacted in response to these projected climate changes impacts could result in restrictions on land development in certain areas or increased energy, transportation and raw material costs that may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

13

Table of Contents 

A significant downturn in the homebuilding industry could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 The homebuilding industry experienced a significant and sustained downturn that began in 2007, during which the lowest volumes of housing starts were significantly below troughs in previous downturns. This downturn resulted in an industry-wide softening of demand for new homes due to a lack of consumer confidence, decreased availability of mortgage financing, and large supplies of resale and new home inventories, among other factors. In addition, an oversupply of alternatives to new homes, such as rental properties, resale homes and foreclosures, depressed prices and reduced margins for the sale of new homes. Industry conditions had a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in fiscal years 2007 through 2011. Further, we had substantially increased our inventory through fiscal 2006, which required significant cash outlays and which increased our price and margin exposure as we worked through this inventory. If the homebuilding industry experiences another significant or sustained downturn, it would materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in future years. 
 
 Our business is seasonal in nature and our quarterly operating results fluctuate. 
 
 Our quarterly operating results generally fluctuate by season. The construction of a customer s home typically begins after signing the agreement of sale and can take six to nine months or more to complete. Weather-related problems, typically in the fall, winter and early spring, can delay starts or closings and increase costs and thus reduce profitability. In addition, delays in opening communities could have an adverse effect on our sales and revenues. Due to these factors, our quarterly operating results will likely continue to fluctuate. 
 
 Our success depends on the availability of suitable undeveloped land and improved lots at acceptable prices and our having sufficient liquidity to fund such investments. 
 
 Our success in developing land and in building and selling homes depends in part upon the continued availability of suitable undeveloped land and improved lots at acceptable prices. The homebuilding industry is highly competitive for land that is suitable for residential development and the availability of undeveloped land and improved lots for purchase at favorable prices depends on a number of factors outside of our control, including the risk of competitive overbidding on land and lots, geographical or topographical constraints and restrictive governmental regulation. Should suitable land opportunities become less available, our ability to implement our strategies and operational actions would be limited and the number of homes we may be able to build and sell would be reduced, which would reduce revenue and profits. In addition, our ability to make land purchases will depend upon us having sufficient liquidity to fund such purchases. We may be at a disadvantage in competing for land compared to others who have more substantial cash resources. 
 
 We rely on subcontractors to construct our homes and may incur costs or losses if these subcontractors fail to properly construct our homes or manage and pay their employees, or if products supplied to us by subcontractors are defective. 
 
 We engage subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes and, in some cases, to select and obtain building materials. Therefore, the timing and quality of our construction depends on the availability, skill, and cost of our subcontractors. Despite our quality control efforts, we may discover that our subcontractors failed to properly construct our homes or may use defective materials, which, if widely used in our business, could result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. The occurrence of such events could require us to repair the homes in accordance with our standards and as required by law. The cost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers. In addition, the cost of satisfying our legal obligations in these instances may be significant, and we may be unable to recover the cost of repair from subcontractors and insurers. 
 
 We also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving actions or matters that are not within our control. When we learn about possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we attempt to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them and may terminate the use of such subcontractors. However, attempts at mitigation may not avoid claims against us relating to actions of or matters relating to our subcontractors that are out of our control. For example, although we do not have the ability to control what these independent subcontractors pay their own employees, or their own subcontractors, or the work rules they impose on such personnel, federal and state governmental agencies, including the U.S. National Labor Relations Board, have sought, and may in the future seek, to hold contracting parties like us responsible for subcontractors violations of wage and hour laws, or workers compensation, collective bargaining and/or other employment-related obligations related to subcontractors workforces. Governmental agency determinations or attempts by others to make us responsible for subcontractors labor practices or obligations, could create substantial adverse exposure for us in these types of situations even though not within our control. 
 
 Changes in economic and market conditions could result in the sale of homes at a loss or holding land in inventory longer than planned, the cost of which can be significant. 
 
 Land inventory risk can be substantial for homebuilders. We must continuously seek and make acquisitions of land for expansion into new markets and for replacement and expansion of land inventory within our current markets. We incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. Depending on the stage of development of a land parcel when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. The market value of undeveloped land, buildable lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing economic and market conditions. In the event of significant changes in economic or market conditions, we may have to sell homes at a loss or hold land in inventory longer than planned. In the case of land options, we could choose not to exercise them, in which case we would write-off the value of these options. Inventory carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses in a poorly performing project or market. The assessment of communities for indication of impairment is performed quarterly. While we consider available information to determine what we believe to be our best estimates as of the reporting period, these estimates are subject to change in future reporting periods as facts and circumstances change. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation Critical Accounting Policies. If market conditions significantly worsen, additional inventory impairment losses and land option write-offs will likely be necessary. 

14

Table of Contents 

We conduct a significant portion of our business in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Texas and Virginia, and accordingly, regional factors affecting home sales and activities in these markets may have a large impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We presently conduct a significant portion of our business in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Texas and Virginia, which subjects us to risks associated with the regional and local economies of these markets. Home prices and sales activities in these markets and in most of the other markets in which we operate have declined from time to time, particularly as a result of slow economic growth. These markets may also depend, to a degree, on certain sectors of the economy, and any declines in those sectors may impact home sales and activities in that region. For example, to the extent the oil and gas industries, which can be very volatile, are negatively impacted by declining commodity prices, climate change, legislation or other factors, it could result in reduced employment, or other negative economic consequences, which in turn could adversely impact our home sales and activities in Texas. Furthermore, precarious economic and budget situations at the state government level may adversely affect the market for our homes in the affected areas. Weather-related or other events impacting these markets could also negatively affect these markets as well as the other markets in which we operate. If home prices and sales activity decline in one or more of the markets in which we operate, our costs may not decline at all or at the same rate and the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Increases in cancellations of agreements of sale could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our home buyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. We have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home, which is reflected in our backlog, and we generally have the right to retain the deposit if the home buyer does not complete the purchase. In some situations, however, a home buyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local law, an inability to obtain mortgage financing at prevailing interest rates (including financing arranged or provided by us), an inability to sell the current home, or our inability to complete and deliver the new home within the specified time. At October 31, 2021, including unconsolidated joint ventures, we had a backlog of signed contracts for 5,535 homes with a sales value aggregating 2.2 billion. If mortgage financing becomes less accessible, or if economic conditions deteriorate, more home buyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Interest rates have been low compared to most historical periods over the last several years and may increase. Because almost all of our customers require mortgage financing, increases in interest rates or the decreased availability of mortgage financing could impair the affordability of our homes, lower demand for our products, limit our marketing effectiveness and limit our ability to fully realize our backlog. 
 
 Virtually all of our customers finance their acquisitions through lenders providing mortgage financing. Mortgage rates have generally remained low compared to most historical periods for the last several years, which has made the homes we sell more affordable. We cannot predict whether interest rates will continue to fall, remain low or rise. Increases in interest rates (or the perception that interest rates will rise, including as a result of government actions), increases in the costs to obtain mortgages or decreases in availability of mortgage financing could lower demand for new homes because of the increased monthly mortgage costs and cash required to close on mortgages to potential home buyers. Even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in interest rates and mortgage availability could make it harder for them to sell their existing homes to potential buyers who need financing. This could prevent or limit our ability to attract new customers as well as our ability to fully realize our backlog because our sales contracts generally include a financing contingency. Financing contingencies permit the customer to cancel his/her obligation in the event mortgage financing at prevailing interest rates, including financing arranged or provided by us, is unobtainable within the period specified in the contract. This contingency period is typically four to eight weeks following the date of execution of the sales contract. We believe that the availability of mortgage financing, including through federal government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises (such as Federal National Mortgage Association, Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and FHA/VA financing), is an important factor in marketing many of our homes. Any limitations or restrictions on the availability of mortgage financing (including due to any failure of lawmakers to agree on a budget or appropriation legislation to fund relevant programs or operations) could reduce our sales. Further, if we are unable to originate mortgages for any reason going forward, our customers may experience significant mortgage loan funding issues, which could have a material impact on our homebuilding business and our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. 
 
 Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. In addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. In an inflationary environment, such as the current economic environment, depending on homebuilding industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. Given the inflation rates in fiscal year 2021, we have experienced, and continue to experience, increases in the prices of land, labor and materials. Continued inflationary pressures could impact our profitability. 
 
 Increases in the after-tax costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expenses and real estate taxes, have historically been deductible expenses for an individual s federal, and in some cases state, income taxes, subject to limitations under tax law and policy. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which was signed into law in December 2017 includes provisions which impose significant limitations with respect to these income tax deductions. For instance, the annual deduction for real estate taxes and state and local income taxes (or sales taxes in lieu of income taxes) is now generally limited to 10,000. Proposed legislation that was passed by the House of Representatives in November 2021 (the Build Back Better Act would generally raise this limit to 80,000 through 2030, but there can be no assurance that this proposed legislation will be enacted and, even if enacted, there may be changes with respect thereto (i.e., that would modify the limit) prior to enactment. Furthermore, through the end of 2025, the deduction for mortgage interest is generally only available with respect to the first 750,000 of a new mortgage and there is no longer a federal deduction for interest on home equity loans. In addition, if the federal government or a state government further changes its income tax laws to further eliminate or substantially limit these income tax deductions, the after-tax cost of owning a new home would further increase for many of our potential customers. The loss or reduction of these homeowner tax deductions that have historically been available has and could further reduce the perceived affordability of homeownership, and therefore the demand for and sales price of new homes, including ours, particularly in states with higher state income taxes or home prices, such as in California and New Jersey. In addition, increases in property tax rates or fees on developers by local governmental authorities, as experienced in response to reduced federal and state funding or to fund local initiatives, such as funding schools or road improvements, or increases in insurance premiums can adversely affect the ability of potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to purchase new homes, and can have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 
 
 Further, existing and prospective regulatory and societal responses to climate change intended to reduce potential climate change impacts may increase the upfront costs of purchasing a home, costs to maintain the home and its systems, energy and utility costs and the cost to obtain homeowner and various hazard and flood insurance, or limit homeowners ability to obtain these insurance policies altogether. Although these items have had no material effect on our business, they could adversely affect our business in the future. 

15

Table of Contents 

Mortgage investors could seek to have us buy back loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgages we have sold based on claims that we breached our limited representations or warranties. 
 
 Our financial services segment originates mortgages, primarily for our homebuilding customers. Substantially all of the mortgage loans originated are sold within a short period of time in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, nonrecourse basis, although we remain liable for certain limited representations, such as fraud, and warranties related to loan sales. Accordingly, mortgage investors have in the past and could in the future seek to have us buy back loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgages we have sold based on claims that we breached our limited representations or warranties. While we believe our reserves are adequate for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the mortgage industry and the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the losses incurred resolving those repurchases exceed our expectations, additional expense may be incurred. We may have significant liabilities in respect of such claims in the future, which could exceed our reserves, and the impact of such claims on our results of operations could be material. Further, an increase in the default rate on the mortgages we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages. 
 
 We compete on several levels with homebuilders that may have greater sales and financial resources, which could hurt future earnings. 
 
 We compete not only for home buyers but also for desirable properties, financing, raw materials and skilled labor often within larger subdivisions designed, planned and developed by other homebuilders. Our competitors include other local, regional and national homebuilders, some of which have greater sales and financial resources or more established relationships with suppliers and subcontractors in the markets in which we operate. In addition, we compete with other housing alternatives, such as existing homes and rental housing. In the homebuilding industry, we compete primarily on the basis of reputation, price, location, design, quality, service and amenities. Our financial services segment competes with other mortgage providers, primarily on the basis of fees, interest rates and other features of mortgage loan products. 
 
 The competitive conditions in the homebuilding industry together with current market conditions have, and could continue to, result in: difficulty in acquiring suitable land at acceptable prices; increased selling incentives; lower sales; delays in construction; or impairment of our ability to implement our strategies and operational actions. Any of these problems could increase costs and/or lower profit margins. 
 
 Utility shortages and outages or rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 
 In prior years, the areas in which we operate in California have experienced power shortages, including periods without electrical power, as well as significant fluctuations in utility costs. We may incur additional costs and may not be able to complete construction on a timely basis if such power shortages and outages and utility rate fluctuations continue. Furthermore, power shortages and outages and rate fluctuations may adversely affect the regional economies in which we operate, which may reduce demand for our homes. Our operations may be adversely affected if further rate fluctuations and/or power shortages and outages occur in California, the Northeast or in our other markets. 
 
 Information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business. 
 
 We use information technology, digital telecommunications and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. In addition, we rely on the systems of third parties, such as third-party vendors. Our computer systems, including our backup systems, and those of the third-parties on whose systems we rely, are subject to damage or interruption from computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, power outages, security breaches (including through phishing attempts, data-theft and cyber-attack), ransomware attacks, usage errors by our associates and catastrophic events, such as fires, floods, hurricanes and tornadoes. As part of our normal business activities, we collect and store certain personal identifying and confidential information relating to our homebuyers, employees, vendors and suppliers, and maintain operational and financial information related to our business. We may share some of this confidential information with our vendors. We rely on our vendors and third-party service providers to maintain effective cybersecurity measures to keep our information secure. If our computer systems and our backup systems, or those of the third-parties on whose systems we rely, are breached, compromised or damaged, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying or confidential information, including information about our business partners and home buyers. Our or our vendors and third-party service providers failure to maintain the security of the data we are required to protect could result in damage to our reputation, financial obligations to third parties, fines, penalties, regulatory proceedings and private litigation with potentially large costs, and also in deterioration in customers confidence in us and other competitive disadvantages. 
 
 Data protection and privacy laws have been enacted by the U.S. federal and state governments, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, which became effective on January 1, 2020, and the regulatory regime continues to evolve and is increasingly demanding. Many states have passed or are considering privacy and security legislation and there are ongoing discussions regarding a national privacy law. Variations in requirements across other states could present compliance challenges, as well as significant costs related to compliance. 
 
 We maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage and have implemented systems and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive, confidential and personal data, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. Additionally, we have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential security anomalies. These measures, which require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated, are costly and may not be effective in preventing or mitigating significant negative occurrences or irregularities in our systems or those of third-parties on whose systems we rely. While, to date, we have not had a significant cybersecurity breach or attack that has a material impact on our business or results of operations, our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT networks and related systems may not be effective and attempted security breaches or disruptions could be successful or damaging. 
 
 Negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation and our business, financial results and stock price. 
 
 Our reputation and brand are critical to our success. Unfavorable media related to our industry, company, brand, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may impact our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. The speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has increased dramatically through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites, tweets , and blogs. Our success in maintaining and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business. 

16

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Debt and Liquidity 
 
 Our high leverage may restrict our ability to operate, prevent us from fulfilling our obligations, and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 We have a significant amount of debt. 

Our debt (excluding nonrecourse secured debt and debt of our financial subsidiaries), as of October 31, 2021, including the debt of the subsidiaries that guarantee our debt, was 1,254.9 million 1,248.4 million net of discount and premiums and debt issuance costs). Additionally, we have a 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility, which was fully available for borrowing as of October 31, 2021. 

Our debt service payments for the year ended October 31, 2021, were 318.8 million, which represented interest incurred and payments on the principal of our debt and do not include principal and interest on nonrecourse secured debt, debt of our financial subsidiaries and fees under our letter of credit and other credit facilities and agreements. 

As of October 31, 2021, we had 9.3 million in aggregate outstanding face amount of letters of credit issued under various letter of credit and other credit facilities and agreements, certain of which were collateralized by 9.9 million of cash. Our fees for these letters of credit for the year ended October 31, 2021, which are based on both the used and unused portion of the facilities and agreements, were 0.2 million. We also had substantial contractual commitments and contingent obligations, including 223.8 million of performance bonds as of October 31, 2021. See Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations. 
 
 Our significant amount of debt could have important consequences. For example, it could: 

Limit our ability to obtain future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, or other requirements; 

Require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of our debt and reduce our ability to use our cash flow for other purposes, including land investments; 

Require us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing debt if interest rates rise or due to the concentration of debt maturities; 

Limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business; 

Place us at a competitive disadvantage because we have more debt than some of our competitors; 

Limit our ability to implement our strategies and operational actions; 

Require us to consider selling some of our assets or debt or equity securities, possibly on unfavorable terms, to satisfy obligations; and 

Make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business and general economic conditions. 

Our ability to meet our debt service and other obligations will depend upon our future performance. We are engaged in businesses that are substantially affected by changes in economic cycles. Our revenues and earnings vary with the level of general economic activity in the markets we serve. Our businesses are also affected by customer sentiment and financial, political, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors that affect our ability to generate cash can also affect our ability to raise additional funds for these purposes through the sale of equity or debt securities, the refinancing of debt or the sale of assets. Changes in prevailing interest rates may affect our ability to meet our debt service obligations to the extent we have any floating rate indebtedness. A higher interest rate on our debt service obligations could result in lower earnings or increased losses. 
 
 Our sources of liquidity are limited and may not be sufficient to meet our needs. 
 
 We are largely dependent on our current cash balance and future cash flows from operations (which may not be positive) to enable us to service our indebtedness, to cover our operating expenses and/or to fund our other liquidity needs. Cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was 210.2 million and 292.8 million, respectively. Depending on the levels of our land purchases, we could generate positive or negative cash flow in future years. If the current improved market conditions in the homebuilding industry do not continue over the next several years, our cash flows could be insufficient to fund our obligations and support land purchases, and if we cannot buy additional land we would ultimately be unable to generate future revenues from the sale of houses. In addition, we will need to refinance all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity, which we may not be able to do on favorable terms or at all. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations or we are unable to refinance our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure our indebtedness. These alternative measures may not be successful or, if successful, made on desirable terms and may not permit us to meet our debt service obligations. We have also entered into certain cash collateralized letters of credit agreements and facilities that require us to maintain specified amounts of cash in segregated accounts as collateral to support our letters of credit issued thereunder. If our available cash and capital resources are insufficient to meet our debt service and other obligations, we could face liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions or the proceeds from the dispositions may not be permitted under the terms of our debt instruments to be used to service indebtedness or may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. For additional information about capital resources and liquidity, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Resources and Liquidity. 

17

Table of Contents 

Our cash flows, liquidity and consolidated financial statements could be materially and adversely affected if we are unable to obtain letters of credit. 
 
 Our homebuilding operations often require us to obtain letters of credit. We have certain stand-alone letter of credit facilities and agreements pursuant to which letters of credit are issued. However, letters of credit may not be issued under our current senior secured revolving credit facility, and we may need additional letters of credit above the amounts provided under these stand-alone facilities and agreements. If we are unable to obtain such additional letters of credit as needed to operate our business, we would be adversely affected. 
 
 We may have difficulty in obtaining the additional financing required to operate and develop our business. 
 
 Our operations require significant amounts of cash, and we may be required to seek additional capital, whether from sales of debt or equity securities or borrowing additional money, for the future growth and development of our business. The terms and/or availability of additional capital is uncertain. Moreover, the agreements governing our outstanding debt instruments contain provisions that restrict the debt we may incur in the future and our ability to pay dividends on equity. If we are not successful in obtaining sufficient capital, it could reduce our sales and may hinder our future growth and results of operations. In addition, pledging substantially all of our assets to support our senior secured revolving credit facility and our senior secured notes may make it more difficult to raise additional financing in the future. 
 
 We could be adversely affected by a negative change in our credit rating. 
 
 Our ability to access capital on favorable terms is a key factor in our ability to service our indebtedness to cover our operating expenses and to fund our other liquidity needs. Negative rating actions by credit agencies, including downgrades, may make it more difficult and costly for us to access capital. Therefore, any downgrade by any of the principal credit agencies may exacerbate these difficulties. There can be no assurances that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future, whether as a result of deteriorating general economic conditions, a more protracted downturn in the housing industry, failure to successfully implement our operating strategy, the adverse impact on our results of operations or liquidity position of any of the above, or otherwise. 
 
 Restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may restrict our and certain of our subsidiaries ability to operate, and if our financial performance worsens, we may not be able to undertake transactions within the restrictions of our debt instruments. 
 
 The indentures governing our outstanding debt securities and our credit facilities impose certain restrictions on our and certain of our subsidiaries operations and activities. The most significant restrictions relate to debt incurrence (including non-recourse indebtedness), creation of liens, repayment of certain indebtedness prior to its respective stated maturity, sales of assets (including in certain land banking transactions), cash distributions, (including paying dividends on common and preferred stock), capital stock repurchases/exchanges, and investments by us and certain of our subsidiaries (including in joint ventures). Because of these restrictions, we could be prohibited from paying dividends on our common and preferred stock. 
 
 The restrictions in our debt instruments could prohibit or restrict our and certain of our subsidiaries activities, such as undertaking capital raising or restructuring activities or entering into other transactions. In addition, if we fail to comply with these restrictions or to make timely payments on this debt and other material indebtedness, an event of default could occur and our debt under these debt instruments could become due and payable prior to maturity. Any such event of default could lead to cross defaults under certain of our other debt or negatively impact other covenants. In any of these situations, we may be unable to amend the applicable instrument or obtain a waiver without significant additional cost, or at all, and we may be unable to obtain alternative financing. Any such situation could have a material adverse effect on the solvency of the Company. 
 
 The terms of our debt instruments allow us to incur additional indebtedness. 
 
 Under the terms of our indebtedness under our indentures and credit facilities, we have the ability, subject to our debt covenants, to incur additional amounts of debt, including secured debt. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could magnify the risks described above. In addition, certain obligations, such as standby letters of credit and performance bonds issued in the ordinary course of business, including those issued under our stand-alone letter of credit agreements and facilities, are not considered indebtedness under our debt instruments (and may be secured) and, therefore, are not subject to limits in our debt covenants. 
 
 Regulatory and Legal Risks 
 
 Homebuilders are subject to a number of federal, local, state, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the development of land and homebuilding, sales and customer financing processes and the protection of the environment, which can cause us to incur delays and costs associated with compliance and which can prohibit or restrict our activity in some regions or areas. 
 
 We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the development of land and homebuilding, sales and customer financing processes, including laws and regulations relating to zoning, density, accessibility, anti-discrimination, building standards and mortgage financing. These laws and regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities. This can delay or increase the cost of development or homebuilding. In addition, some state and local governments in markets where we operate have approved, and others may approve, slow-growth or no-growth initiatives that could negatively impact the availability of land and building opportunities within those areas. Approval of these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to build and sell homes in the affected markets and/or could require the satisfaction of additional administrative and regulatory requirements, which could result in slowing the progress or increasing the costs of our homebuilding operations in these markets. Any of the above delays or costs could have a negative effect on our future revenues and earnings. 

18

Table of Contents 

We also are subject to a variety of local, state, federal and foreign laws and regulations concerning protection of health and the environment, including those regulating the emission or discharge of materials into the environment, the management of storm water runoff at construction sites, the handling, use, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, impacts to wetlands and other sensitive environments, and the remediation of contamination at properties that we have owned or developed or currently own or are developing environmental laws ). The particular environmental laws that apply to a site may vary greatly according to the community site, for example, due to the community, the environmental conditions at or near the site, and the present and former uses of the site. These environmental laws may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation and/or other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity. In addition, noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, obligations to remediate, permit revocations or other sanctions; and contamination or other environmental conditions at or in the vicinity of our developments may result in claims against us for personal injury, property damage or other losses. 
 
 We anticipate that increasingly stringent requirements will continue to be imposed on developers and homebuilders in the future. In addition, some of these laws and regulations that significantly affect how certain properties may be developed are contentious, attract intense political attention, and may be subject to significant changes over time. For example, regulations governing wetlands permitting under the federal Clean Water Act have been the subject of extensive rulemakings for many years, resulting in several major joint rulemakings by the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers that have expanded and contracted the scope of wetlands subject to regulation; and such rulemakings have been the subject of many legal challenges, some of which remain pending. It is unclear how these and related developments, including at the state or local level, ultimately may affect the scope of regulated wetlands where we operate. Although we cannot reliably predict the extent of any effect these developments regarding wetlands, or any other requirements that may take effect may have on us, they could result in time-consuming and expensive compliance programs and in substantial expenditures, which could cause delays and increase our cost of operations. In addition, our ability to obtain or renew permits or approvals and the continued effectiveness of permits already granted or approvals already obtained is dependent upon many factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as changes in policies, rules and regulations and their interpretations and application. 
 
 In March 2013, we received a letter from the Environmental Protection Agency EPA requesting information about our involvement in a housing redevelopment project in Newark, New Jersey that a Company entity undertook during the 1990s. We understand that the development is in the vicinity of a former lead smelter and that tests on soil samples from properties within the development conducted by the EPA showed elevated levels of lead. We also understand that the smelter ceased operations many years before the Company entity involved acquired the properties in the area and carried out the re-development project. We responded to the EPA s request. In August 2013, we were notified that the EPA considers us a potentially responsible party (or PRP with respect to the site, that the EPA will clean up the site, and that the EPA is proposing that we fund and/or contribute towards the cleanup of the contamination at the site. We began preliminary discussions with the EPA concerning a possible resolution but do not know the scope or extent of the Company s obligations, if any, that may arise from the site and therefore cannot provide any assurance that this matter will not have a material impact on the Company. The EPA requested additional information in April 2014 and again in March 2017 and the Company responded to the information requests. On May 2, 2018 the EPA sent a letter to the Company entity demanding reimbursement for 100 of the EPA s costs to clean-up the site in the amount of 2.7 million. The Company responded to the EPA s demand letter on June 15, 2018 setting forth the Company s defenses and expressing its willingness to enter into settlement negotiations. Two other PRPs identified by the EPA are now also in negotiations with the EPA and in preliminary negotiations with the Company regarding the site. In the course of negotiations, the EPA informed the Company that the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ("NJDEP") has also incurred costs remediating part of the site. The EPA has since requested that the three PRPs present a joint settlement offer to the EPA. The Company and the other two PRPs are parties to a series of agreements tolling the statute of limitations on the EPA's claims for reimbursement, most recently extending the date until April 20, 2022. We believe that we have adequate reserves for this matter. 
 
 Legal claims not resolved in our favor, such as product liability litigation and warranty claims may be costly. 
 
 As discussed in Item 3 Legal Proceedings, in the ordinary course of business we are involved in litigation from time to time, including with home owners associations, home buyers and other persons with whom we have relationships. For example, as a homebuilder, we are subject to construction defect and home warranty claims, including moisture intrusion and related claims, arising in the ordinary course of business. Such claims are common in the homebuilding industry and can be costly. For example, in the past we have received construction defect and home warranty claims associated with, and we were involved in a multidistrict litigation concerning, allegedly defective drywall manufactured in China that may have been responsible for noxious smells and accelerated corrosion of certain metals in certain homes we have constructed. We remediated certain homes in response to such claims and settled the litigation. 
 
 With regard to certain general liability exposures such as product liability claims, construction defect claims and related claims, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation process is highly judgmental and subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products we build, claim settlement patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Because of the high degree of judgment required in determining these estimated liability amounts, actual future costs could differ significantly from our currently estimated amounts. Furthermore, after claims are asserted for construction defects, it can be difficult to determine the extent to which assertions of such claims will expand geographically. For example, the Company has been a party to litigation in New Jersey concerning alleged defects in construction (see Item 3 Legal Proceedings and Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended October 31, 2021). In addition, the amount and scope of coverage offered by insurance companies is currently limited, and this coverage may be further restricted and become more costly. If we are not able to obtain adequate insurance against such claims, if the costs associated with such claims significantly exceed the amount of our insurance coverage, or if our insurers do not pay on claims under our policies (whether because of dispute, inability, or otherwise), we may experience losses that could hurt our financial results. 
 
 Our financial results could also be adversely affected if we were to experience an unusually high number of claims or unusually severe claims. Our insurance companies have the right to review our claims and claims history, and do so from time to time, and could decline to pay on such claims if such reviews determine the claims did not meet the terms for coverage. Additionally, we may need to significantly increase our construction defect and home warranty reserves as a result of insurance not being available for any of the reasons discussed above, such claims or the results of our annual actuarial study. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure 
 
 We conduct certain of our operations through unconsolidated joint ventures with independent third parties in which we do not have a controlling interest. These investments involve risks and are highly illiquid. 
 
 We currently operate through a number of unconsolidated homebuilding and land development joint ventures with independent third parties in which we do not have a controlling interest. At October 31, 2021, we had invested an aggregate of 60.9 million in these unconsolidated joint ventures, including net advances to these unconsolidated joint ventures of 2.2 million. In addition, as part of our strategy, we intend to continue to evaluate additional joint venture opportunities; however, we may be limited in pursuing all such desirable opportunities because the indentures governing our outstanding debt securities and our credit facilities impose certain restrictions, among others, on investments by us and certain of our subsidiaries (including in joint ventures). 

19

Table of Contents 

These investments involve risks and are highly illiquid. There are a limited number of sources willing to provide acquisition, development and construction financing to land development and homebuilding joint ventures, and if market conditions become more challenging, it may be difficult or impossible to obtain financing for our joint ventures on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, we lack a controlling interest in these joint ventures and, therefore, are usually unable to require that our joint ventures sell assets or return invested capital, make additional capital contributions, or take any other action without the vote of at least one of our venture partners. Therefore, absent partner agreement, we will be unable to liquidate our joint venture investments to generate cash. 
 
 Our controlling stockholders are able to exercise significant influence over us. 
 
 The combined ownership of members of the Hovnanian family, including Ara K. Hovnanian, our chairman of the board, president, and chief executive officer, through personal holdings, the limited partnership and the limited liability company established for members of Mr. Hovnanian s family and family trusts of Class A and Class B common stock, enables them to exert significant control over us, including power to control the election of the Board of Directors and to approve matters presented to our stockholders. Such holdings represented approximately 55 of the votes that could be cast by the holders of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock combined as of October 31, 2021. This concentration of ownership may also make some transactions, including mergers or other changes in control, more difficult or impossible without their support. Also, because of their combined voting power, circumstances may occur in which their interests could be in conflict with the interests of other stakeholders. 
 
 Our net operating loss carryforwards could be substantially limited if we experience an ownership change as defined in the Internal Revenue Code. 
 
 Based on past impairments and our current financial performance, we generated a federal net operating loss carryforward of 1.2 billion through the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, and we may generate net operating loss carryforwards in future years. 
 
 Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes an ownership change, which is generally any change in ownership of more than 50 of its stock over a three-year period, to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and certain built-in losses recognized in years after the ownership change. These rules generally operate by focusing on ownership shifts among stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5 or more of the stock of a company and any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. 
 
 If we undergo an ownership change for purposes of Section 382 as a result of future transactions involving our stock, including purchases or sales of stock between 5 shareholders, our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and to recognize certain built-in losses would be subject to the limitations of Section 382. Depending on the resulting limitation, a significant portion of our net operating loss carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them. A limitation imposed under Section 382 on our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards could have a negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 
 The value of our deferred tax assets is also dependent upon the tax rates expected to be in effect at the time the taxable income is expected to be generated. A decrease in enacted corporate tax rates in our major jurisdictions, especially the U.S. federal corporate rate, would decrease the value of our deferred tax assets, which could be material. 
 
 Our Board of Directors has adopted, and our shareholders have approved, a shareholder rights plan (the Rights Plan designed to preserve shareholder value and the value of certain tax assets primarily associated with net operating loss carryforwards and built-in losses under Section 382 of the Code. The Rights Plan is intended to act as a deterrent to any person or group acquiring 4.9 or more of our outstanding Class A common stock (any such person an Acquiring Person ), without the approval of the Company s Board of Directors. Subject to the terms, provisions and conditions of the Rights Plan, if and when they become exercisable, each right would entitle its holder to purchase from the Company one ten-thousandth of a share of the Company s Series B Junior Preferred Stock for a specified purchase price (the purchase price ). The rights will not be exercisable until the earlier of (i) 10 business days after a public announcement by us that a person or group has become an Acquiring Person and (ii) 10 business days after the commencement of a tender or exchange offer by a person or group for 4.9 of the Class A common stock (the distribution date ). If issued, each fractional share of Series B Junior Preferred Stock would give the stockholder approximately the same dividend, voting and liquidation rights as does one share of the Company s Class A common stock. However, prior to exercise, a right does not give its holder any rights as a stockholder of the Company, including without limitation any dividend, voting or liquidation rights. After the distribution date, each holder of a right, other than rights beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereupon become void), will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise of a right and payment of the purchase price, that number of shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock, as the case may be, having a market value of two times the purchase price. After the distribution date, our Board of Directors may exchange the rights (other than rights owned by an Acquiring Person which will have become void), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of common stock, or a fractional share of Series B Junior Preferred Stock (or of a share of a similar class or series of Hovnanian s preferred stock having similar rights, preferences and privileges) of equivalent value, per right (subject to adjustment). 
 
 In addition, our Restated Certificate of Incorporation restricts certain transfers of our common stock in order to preserve the tax treatment of our net operating loss carryforwards and built-in losses under Section 382 of the Code. Subject to certain exceptions pertaining to pre-existing 5 stockholders and Class B stockholders, the transfer restrictions in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation generally restrict any direct or indirect transfer (such as transfers of the Company s stock that result from the transfer of interests in other entities that own the Company s stock) if the effect would be to: (i) increase the direct or indirect ownership of the Company s stock by any person (or public group) from less than 5 to 5 or more of the Company s stock; (ii) increase the percentage of the Company s stock owned directly or indirectly by a person (or public group) owning or deemed to own 5 or more of the Company s stock; or (iii) create a new public group (as defined in the applicable United States Treasury regulations). 
 
 We could be adversely impacted by the loss of key management personnel or if we fail to attract qualified personnel. 
 
 To a significant degree, our future success depends on the efforts of our senior management, many of whom have been with the Company for a significant number of years, and our ability to attract qualified personnel. Our operations could be adversely affected if key members of our senior management leave the Company or if we cannot attract qualified personnel to manage growth in our business. 
 
 ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

20

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 We rent approximately 63,000 square feet of office space in the Northeast for our corporate headquarters. We own 215,000 square feet of office and warehouse space throughout the Midwest. We lease approximately 314,000 square feet of space for our segments located in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Southeast, Southwest and West. 
 
 ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found under "Commitments and Contingent Liabilities" in Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements found elsewhere in this annual report, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 3. 
 
 ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 
 Information on executive officers of the registrant is incorporated herein from Part III, Item 10. 
 
 Part II 
 
 ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HOV and was held by 292 stockholders of record at December 10, 2021. There is no established public trading market for our Class B Common Stock, which was held by 180 stockholders of record at December 10, 2021. If a shareholder desires to sell shares of Class B Common Stock (other than to Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Company s amended Certificate of Incorporation)), such stock must be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock at a one to one conversion rate. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 No shares of our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock were purchased by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the Company s repurchase plans or programs is 22 thousand. 
 
 ITEM 6 Reserved 
 
 ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. HEI conducts all of its homebuilding and financial services operations through its subsidiaries (references herein to the Company, we, us or our refer to HEI and its consolidated subsidiaries and should be understood to reflect the consolidated business of HEI s subsidiaries). 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 
 The following key performance indicators are commonly used in the homebuilding industry and by management as a means to better understand our operating performance and trends affecting our business, and compare our performance with the performance of other homebuilders. We believe these key performance indicators also provide useful information to investors in analyzing our performance: 

Net contracts is a volume indicator which represents the number of new contracts executed during the period for the purchase of homes, less cancellations of contracts in the same period. The dollar value of net contracts represents the dollars associated with net contracts executed in the period. These values are an indicator of potential future revenues; 

Contract backlog is a volume indicator which represents the number of homes that are under contract, but not yet delivered as of the stated date. The dollar value of contract backlog represents the dollar amount of the homes in contract backlog. These values are an indicator of potential future revenues; 

Active selling communities is a volume indicator which represents the number of communities which are open for sale with ten or more home sites available as of the end of a period. We identify communities based on product type; therefore at times there are multiple communities at one land site. These values are an indicator of potential revenues; 

Net contracts per average active selling community is used to indicate the pace at which homes are being sold (put into contract) in active selling communities and is calculated by dividing the number of net contracts in a period by the average number of active selling communities in the same period. Sales pace is an indicator of market strength and demand; and 

21

Table of Contents 

Contract cancellation rates is a volume indicator which represents the number of sales contracts cancelled in the period divided by the number of gross sales contracts executed during the period. Contract cancellation rates as a percentage of backlog is calculated by dividing the number of cancelled contracts in the period by the contract backlog at the beginning of the period. Cancellation rates as compared to prior periods can be an indicator of market strength or weakness. 

Overview 
 
 Market Conditions and Operating Results 
 
 The demand for new and existing homes is dependent on a variety of demographic and economic factors, including job and wage growth, household formation, consumer confidence, mortgage financing, interest rates, inflation and overall housing affordability. In general, at the start of fiscal year 2020, factors including rising levels of household formation, a constrained supply of new and used homes, wage growth, strong employment conditions and mortgage rates that continue to be low by historical standards were contributing to improving conditions for new home sales. 
 
 In March 2020, as a result of the initial impact of COVID-19, we experienced adverse business conditions, including a slowdown in customer traffic and sales pace and an increase in cancellations. However, beginning in May 2020, the homebuilding market rapidly improved, due to what we believe is a combination of factors including low interest rates, low inventory levels of existing homes and a general desire for more indoor and outdoor space. During the third quarter and continuing through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we returned to our normal activities with respect to land purchases, land development and resuming the construction of unsold homes. As a result, our operating metrics improved significantly in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019, and improved even further in fiscal 2021, as described below. 
 
 Our cash position allowed us to spend 698.3 million on land purchases and land development and to repurchase 180.9 million of senior secured notes during fiscal 2021, and still have total liquidity of 380.9 million, including 246.0 million of homebuilding cash and cash equivalents as of October 31, 2021 and 125.0 million of borrowing capacity under our senior secured revolving credit facility as of October 31, 2021. 
 
 Additional results for the year ended October 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the year ended October 31, 2021, sale of homes revenues increased 18.7 as compared to the prior year, as a result of a 9.1 increase in deliveries, from the sustained strong homebuilding market and high demand for new home construction that began in fiscal 2020, along with an increase in average sales price. 
 
 Gross margin percentage increased from 14.7 for the year ended October 31, 2020 to 18.6 for the year ended October 31, 2021, and gross margin percentage, before cost of sales interest expense and land charges, increased from 18.4 for the year ended October 31, 2020 to 21.8 for the year ended October 31, 2021. The increases were primarily due to increases in home prices in virtually all of our markets during fiscal 2021 as a result of the strong housing market. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative costs (including corporate general and administrative expenses) increased 34.8 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to a change in volume of our unconsolidated joint venture deliveries, and an increase in compensation expense. The increase in compensation expense was mostly attributed to our long-term incentive programs now forecasted to achieve above target metrics as a result of improved operating results and our higher stock price. Despite the increase in dollars, as a percentage of total revenue, such costs decreased to 9.9 for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to 10.3 for the year ended October 31, 2020. 
 
 Pre-tax income increased to 189.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 from pre-tax income of 55.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2020. Net income increased to 607.8 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 (which includes the benefit from the reduction in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance) from net income of 50.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2020. Earnings per share, basic and diluted, increased to 87.50 and 85.86, respectively, for the year ended October 31, 2021, including the benefit from the reduction in our deferred tax asset valuation allowance, compared to earnings per share, basic and diluted of 7.48 and 7.03, respectively, for the year ended October 31, 2020. 
 
 Net contracts per average active selling community increased to 55.3 for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to 54.3 in the prior year. This strong absorption pace resulted in our average active selling communities at October 31, 2021 decreasing by 14.8 compared to October 31, 2020. 
 
 Net contracts decreased 13.4 for the year ended October 31, 2021, compared to the prior year, as a result of the decrease in average active selling communities. 
 
 Contract backlog decreased from 3,402 homes at October 31, 2020 to 3,247 homes at October 31, 2021. However, the dollar value of contract backlog increased to 1.6 billion in connection with the increase in home prices discussed above, representing a 15.4 increase in dollar value compared to the prior year. 
 
 Despite the overall improvement during fiscal 2021, labor and material shortages that were initially due to the COVID-19 pandemic have worsened and continued despite resumption of pre-pandemic levels of economic activity while the full magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects remain unknown. We may experience material declines in our net contracts, deliveries, revenues, cash flow and/or profitability during fiscal 2022 and beyond, compared to the corresponding prior-year periods. In addition, if conditions in the overall housing market or in a specific market worsen in the future beyond our current expectations, if future changes in our business strategy significantly affect any key assumptions used in our projections of future cash flows, or if there are material changes in any of the other items we consider in assessing recoverability, we may recognize charges in future periods for inventory impairments related to our current inventory assets or other reorganization activities. Any such charges could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

22

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Management believes that the following critical accounting policies require its most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Income Recognition from Mortgage Loans - Our Financial Services segment originates mortgages, primarily for our homebuilding customers. We use mandatory investor commitments and forward sales of mortgage backed securities MBS to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate exposure on agency and government loans. 
 
 We elected the fair value option for our mortgage loans held for sale in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 825, Financial Instruments, which permits us to measure our loans held for sale at fair value. Management believes that the election of the fair value option for loans held for sale improves financial reporting by mitigating volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring the fair value of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. 
 
 Substantially all of the mortgage loans originated are sold within a short period of time in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, nonrecourse basis, although the Company remains liable for certain limited representations, such as fraud, and warranties related to loan sales. Mortgage investors could seek to have us buy back loans or compensate them for losses incurred on mortgages we have sold based on claims that we breached our limited representations and warranties. We have established reserves for probable losses. While we believe these reserves are adequate for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the mortgage industry and the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the losses incurred resolving those repurchases exceed our expectations, additional expense may be incurred. 
 
 Inventories - Inventories consist of land, land development, home construction costs, capitalized interest, construction overhead and property taxes. Construction costs are accumulated during the period of construction and charged to cost of sales under specific identification methods. Land, land development and common facility costs are allocated based on buildable acres to product types within each community, then charged to cost of sales equally based upon the number of homes to be constructed in each product type. 
 
 We record inventories in our consolidated balance sheets at cost unless the inventory is determined to be impaired, in which case the inventory is written down to its fair value. Our inventories consist of the following three components: (1) sold and unsold homes and lots under development, which includes all construction, land, capitalized interest and land development costs related to started homes and land under development in our active communities; (2) land and land options held for future development or sale, which includes all costs related to land in our communities in planning or mothballed communities; and (3) consolidated inventory not owned, which includes all costs related to variable interest entities and other options, which consists primarily of model homes financed with an investor and inventory related to land banking arrangements accounted for as financings. 
 
 We decide to mothball (or stop development on) certain communities when we determine that the current performance does not justify further investment at the time. When we decide to mothball a community, the inventory is reclassified on our Consolidated Balance Sheets from Sold and unsold homes and lots under development to Land and land options held for future development or sale. As of October 31, 2021, the net book value associated with our 6 mothballed communities was 4.3 million, net of impairment charges recorded in prior periods of 57.5 million. We regularly review communities to determine if mothballing is appropriate. During fiscal 2021, we did not mothball any additional communities, but we sold four previously mothballed communities and we re-activated two previously mothballed communities and portions of two previously mothballed communities. 
 
 We sell and lease back certain of our model homes with the right to participate in the potential profit when each home is sold to a third party at the end of the respective lease. As a result of our continued involvement, for accounting purposes in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-68, these sale and leaseback transactions are considered a financing rather than a sale. Therefore, for purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheets, at October 31, 2021, inventory of 32.5 million was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of 31.5 million recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned. 
 
 We have land banking arrangements, whereby we sell our land parcels to the land banker and they provide us an option to purchase back finished lots on a quarterly basis. Because of our options to repurchase these parcels, for accounting purposes, in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-70, these transactions are considered financings rather than sales. For purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheets, at October 31, 2021, inventory of 66.2 million was recorded as Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of 31.3 million recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned for the amount of net cash received from the transactions. 
 
 The recoverability of inventories and other long-lived assets is assessed in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360-10, Property, Plant and Equipment Overall ASC 360-10 ). ASC 360-10 requires long-lived assets, including inventories, held for development to be evaluated for impairment based on undiscounted future cash flows of the assets at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows. As such, we evaluate inventories for impairment at the individual community level, the lowest level of discrete cash flows that we measure. 

23

Table of Contents 

We evaluate inventories of communities under development and held for future development for impairment when indicators of potential impairment are present. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, decreases in local housing market values, decreases in gross margins or sales absorption rates, decreases in net sales prices (base sales price net of sales incentives), or actual or projected operating or cash flow losses. The assessment of communities for indication of impairment is performed quarterly. As part of this process, we prepare detailed budgets for all of our communities at least semi-annually and identify those communities with a projected operating loss. For those communities with projected losses, we estimate the remaining undiscounted future cash flows and compare those to the carrying value of the community, to determine if the carrying value of the asset is recoverable. 
 
 The projected operating profits, losses, or cash flows of each community can be significantly impacted by our estimates of the following: 

future base selling prices; 

future home sales incentives; 

future home construction and land development costs; and 

future sales absorption pace and cancellation rates. 

These estimates are dependent upon specific market conditions for each community. While we consider available information to determine what we believe to be our best estimates as of the end of a quarterly reporting period, these estimates are subject to change in future reporting periods as facts and circumstances change. Local market-specific conditions that may impact our estimates for a community include: 

the intensity of competition within a market, including available home sales prices and home sales incentives offered by our competitors; 

the current sales absorption pace for both our communities and competitor communities; 

community specific attributes, such as location, availability of lots in the market, desirability and uniqueness of our community, and the size and style of homes currently being offered; 

potential for alternative product offerings to respond to local market conditions; 

changes by management in the sales strategy of the community; 

current local market economic and demographic conditions and related trends of forecasts; and 

existing home inventory supplies, including foreclosures and short sales. 

These and other local market-specific conditions that may be present are considered by management in preparing projection assumptions for each community. The sales objectives can differ between our communities, even within a given market. For example, facts and circumstances in a given community may lead us to price our homes with the objective of yielding a higher sales absorption pace, while facts and circumstances in another community may lead us to price our homes to minimize deterioration in our gross margins, although it may result in a slower sales absorption pace. In addition, the key assumptions included in our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows may be interrelated. For example, a decrease in estimated base sales price or an increase in homes sales incentives may result in a corresponding increase in sales absorption pace. Additionally, a decrease in the average sales price of homes to be sold and closed in future reporting periods for one community that has not been generating what management believes to be an adequate sales absorption pace may impact the estimated cash flow assumptions of a nearby community. Changes in our key assumptions, including estimated construction and development costs, absorption pace and selling strategies, could materially impact future cash flow and fair-value estimates. Due to the number of possible scenarios that would result from various changes in these factors, we do not believe it is possible to develop a sensitivity analysis with a level of precision that would be meaningful to an investor. 
 
 If the undiscounted cash flows are more than the carrying value of the community, then the carrying amount is recoverable, and no impairment adjustment is required. However, if the undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, then the community is deemed impaired and is written down to its fair value. We determine the estimated fair value of each community by determining the present value of its estimated future cash flows at a discount rate commensurate with the risk of the respective community, or in limited circumstances, prices for land in recent comparable sale transactions, market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land (other than in a forced liquidation sale), and recent bona fide offers received from outside third parties. Our discount rates used for all impairments recorded from October 31, 2019 to October 31, 2021 ranged from 17.3 to 19.3 . The estimated future cash flow assumptions are virtually the same for both our recoverability and fair value assessments. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated cash flows or fair value, including discount rates, decrease or differ from current estimates in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairments related to current and future communities. The impairment of a community is allocated to each lot on a relative fair value basis. 
 
 From time to time, we write off deposits and approval, engineering and capitalized interest costs when we determine that it is no longer probable that we will exercise options to buy land in specific locations or when we redesign communities and/or abandon certain engineering costs. In deciding not to exercise a land option, we take into consideration changes in market conditions, the timing of required land takedowns, the willingness of land sellers to modify terms of the land option contract (including timing of land takedowns), and the availability and best use of our capital, among other factors. The write-off is recorded in the period it is deemed not probable that the optioned property will be acquired. In certain instances, we have been able to recover deposits and other pre-acquisition costs that were previously written off. These recoveries have not been significant in comparison to the total costs written off. 

24

Table of Contents 

Inventories held for sale are land parcels ready for sale in their current condition, where we have decided not to build homes but are instead actively marketing for sale. These land parcels represented 2.0 million of our total inventories at October 31, 2020, and are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There were no inventories held for sale at October 31, 2021. In determining fair value for land held for sale, management considers, among other things, prices for land in recent comparable sale transactions, market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land (other than in a forced liquidation sale) and recent bona fide offers received from outside third parties. 
 
 Unconsolidated Homebuilding and Land Development Joint Ventures - Investments in unconsolidated homebuilding and land development joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, we recognize our proportionate share of earnings and losses earned by the joint venture upon the delivery of lots or homes to third parties. Our ownership interests in the joint ventures vary but our voting interests are generally 50 or less. In determining whether or not we must consolidate joint ventures where we are the managing member of the joint venture, we assess whether the other partners have specific rights to overcome the presumption of control by us as the manager of the joint venture. In most cases, the presumption is overcome because the joint venture agreements require that both partners agree on establishing the significant operating and capital decisions of the partnership, including budgets, in the ordinary course of business. The evaluation of whether or not we control a venture can require significant judgment. In accordance with ASC 323-10, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures Overall, we assess our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for recoverability, and if it is determined that a loss in value of the investment below its carrying amount is other than temporary, we write down the investment to its fair value. We evaluate our equity investments for impairment based on the joint venture s projected cash flows. This process requires significant management judgment and estimates. During fiscal 2021 and 2020, we did not write down any of our unconsolidated joint venture investments. 
 
 Warranty Costs and Construction Defect Reserves - We accrue for warranty costs that are covered under our existing general liability and construction defect policy as part of our general liability insurance deductible. This accrual is expensed as selling, general, and administrative costs. For homes delivered in fiscal 2021 and 2020, our deductible under our general liability insurance was a 20 million aggregate for construction defect and warranty claims. For bodily injury claims, our deductible per occurrence in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was 0.25 million, up to a 5 million limit. Our aggregate retention for construction defect, warranty and bodily injury claims was 20 million for fiscal 2021 and 2020. We do not have a deductible on our worker's compensation insurance. Reserves for estimated losses for construction defects, warranty and bodily injury claims have been established using the assistance of a third-party actuary. We engage a third-party actuary that uses our historical warranty and construction defect data to assist our management in estimating our unpaid claims, claim adjustment expenses and incurred but not reported claims reserves for the risks that we are assuming under the general liability and construction defect programs. The estimates include provisions for inflation, claims handling and legal fees. These estimates are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products we build, claim settlement patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Because of the high degree of judgment required in determining these estimated liability amounts, actual future costs could differ significantly from our currently estimated amounts. In addition, we establish a warranty accrual for lower cost-related issues to cover home repairs, community amenities and land development infrastructure that are not covered under our general liability and construction defect policy. We accrue an estimate for these warranty costs as part of cost of sales at the time each home is closed and title and possession have been transferred to the homebuyer. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the amount of warranty costs recognized in cost of goods sold and administrative expenses. 
 
 Deferred Income Taxes - Deferred income taxes are provided for temporary differences between amounts recorded for financial reporting and for income tax purposes. If the combination of future years income (or loss) combined with the reversal of the timing differences results in a loss, such losses can be carried forward to future years to recover the deferred tax assets. The Company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. The underlying assumptions the Company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the Company's recent performance. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. A valuation allowance is provided to offset deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 
 In evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we recognize tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740-10, for more likely than not exposures. We re-evaluate the exposures associated with our tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors such as changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, new audit activity by taxing authorities, and effectively settled issues. Determining whether an uncertain tax position is effectively settled requires judgment. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established a liability is audited and fully resolved or clarified. We adjust our liability for unrecognized tax benefits and income tax provision in the period in which an uncertain tax position is effectively settled, or the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a liability that is materially different from our current estimate. Any such changes will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 
 Our operations consist primarily of residential housing development and sales in the Northeast (New Jersey and Pennsylvania), the Mid-Atlantic (Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Washington D.C. and West Virginia), the Midwest (Illinois and Ohio), the Southeast (Florida, Georgia and South Carolina), the Southwest (Arizona and Texas) and the West (California). In addition, we provide certain financial services to our homebuilding customers. 
 
 We have historically funded our homebuilding and financial services operations with cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under our credit facilities, the issuance of new debt and equity securities and other financing activities. Due to covenant restrictions in our debt instruments, we are currently limited primarily in the amount of secured debt we can incur that does not qualify as refinancing indebtedness, even if market conditions, including then-current market available interest rates (in recent years, we have not been able to access the traditional capital and bank lending markets at competitive interest rates due to our highly leveraged capital structure), would otherwise be favorable, which could also impact our ability to grow our business. 

25

Table of Contents 

Operating, Investing and Financing Activities Overview 
 
 Our total liquidity at October 31, 2021 was 380.9 million, including 246.0 million in homebuilding cash and cash equivalents and 125.0 million of borrowing capacity under our senior secured revolving credit facility, after using 180.9 million for the full redemption of our 10.0 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 in the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and our 10.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. This was above our target liquidity range of 170.0 to 245.0 million. The unprecedented public health and governmental efforts to contain the COVID-19 pandemic have created significant uncertainty as to general economic and housing market conditions for fiscal 2022 and beyond. We believe that these sources of cash together with available borrowings on our senior secured revolving credit facility will be sufficient through fiscal 2022 to finance our working capital requirements. 
 
 We spent 698.3 million on land and land development during fiscal 2021. After considering this land and land development and all other operating activities, including revenue received from deliveries, we had 210.2 million in cash provided from operations. During fiscal 2021, cash provided by investing activities was 9.0 million, primarily due to distributions from existing unconsolidated joint ventures, partially offset by an investment in a new unconsolidated joint venture. Cash used in financing activities was 217.3 million during fiscal 2021, which was primarily due to the full redemption of certain of our senior secured debt, as described above, along with net payments for nonrecourse mortgage financings, partially offset by net proceeds on our mortgage warehouse lines of credit. We intend to continue to use nonrecourse mortgage financings, model sale leaseback, joint ventures, and, subject to covenant restrictions in our debt instruments, land banking programs as our business needs dictate. 
 
 Our cash uses during the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 were for operating expenses, land purchases, land deposits, land development, construction spending, state income taxes, interest payments, financing transaction costs, debt repurchases, litigation matters and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. During these periods, we provided for our cash requirements from available cash on hand, housing and land sales, financing transactions, model sale leasebacks, land banking transactions, unconsolidated joint ventures, financial service revenues and other revenues. 
 
 Our net income (loss) historically does not approximate cash flow from operating activities. The difference between net income (loss) and cash flow from operating activities is primarily caused by changes in inventory levels together with changes in receivables, prepaid and other assets, mortgage loans held for sale, interest and other accrued liabilities, deferred income taxes, accounts payable and other liabilities, noncash charges relating to depreciation and stock compensation awards and impairment losses for inventory. When we are expanding our operations, inventory levels, prepaids and other assets increase causing cash flow from operating activities to decrease. Certain liabilities also increase as operations expand and partially offset the negative effect on cash flow from operations caused by the increase in inventory levels, prepaids and other assets. Similarly, as our mortgage operations expand, net income from these operations increases, but for cash flow purposes net income is partially offset by the net change in mortgage assets and liabilities. The opposite is true as our investment in new land purchases and development of new communities decrease, causing us to generate positive cash flow from operations. 
 
 See Inventory Activities below for a detailed discussion of our inventory position. 
 
 Debt Transactions 
 
 Senior notes and credit facilities balances as of October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, were as follows: 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Senior Secured Notes: 

10.0 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2022 

- 

111,214 

10.5 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2024 

- 

69,683 

10.0 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due November 15, 2025 

158,502 

158,502 

7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 

350,000 

350,000 

10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 

282,322 

282,322 

11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 

162,269 

162,269 

Total Senior Secured Notes 

953,093 

1,133,990 

Senior Notes: 

8.0 Senior Notes due November 1, 2027 (1) 

- 

- 

13.5 Senior Notes due February 1, 2026 

90,590 

90,590 

5.0 Senior Notes due February 1, 2040 

90,120 

90,120 

Total Senior Notes 

180,710 

180,710 

Senior Unsecured Term Loan Credit Facility due February 1, 2027 

39,551 

39,551 

Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028 

81,498 

81,498 

Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (2) 

- 

- 

Subtotal notes payable 

1,254,852 

1,435,749 

Net (discounts) premiums 

10,769 

17,521 

Net debt issuance costs 

(17,248) 

(22,160) 

Total notes payable, net of discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs 

1,248,373 

1,431,110 

(1) 26.0 million of 8.0 Senior Notes due 2027 (the "8.0 2027 Notes") are owned by a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of HEI. Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, such notes are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets of HEI. On November 1, 2019, the maturity of the 8.0 2027 Notes was extended to November 1, 2027. 
 
 (2) At October 31, 2021, provides for up to 125.0 million in aggregate amount of senior secured first lien revolving loans. Availability thereunder will terminate on December 28, 2022. 
 
 Except for K. Hovnanian, the issuer of the notes and borrower under the Credit Facilities (as defined below), our home mortgage subsidiaries, certain of our title insurance subsidiaries, joint ventures and subsidiaries holding interests in our joint ventures, we and each of our subsidiaries are guarantors of the Credit Facilities, the senior secured notes and senior notes outstanding at October 31, 2021 (except for the 8.0 2027 Notes which are not guaranteed by K. Hovnanian at Sunrise Trail III, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) (collectively, the Notes Guarantors ). 

26

Table of Contents 

The credit agreements governing the Credit Facilities and the indentures governing the senior secured and senior notes (together, the Debt Instruments outstanding at October 31, 2021 do not contain any financial maintenance covenants, but do contain restrictive covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of HEI and certain of its subsidiaries, including K. Hovnanian, to incur additional indebtedness (other than non-recourse indebtedness, certain permitted indebtedness and refinancing indebtedness), pay dividends and make distributions on common and preferred stock, repay certain indebtedness prior to its respective stated maturity, repurchase (including through exchanges) common and preferred stock, make other restricted payments (including investments), sell certain assets (including in certain land banking transactions), incur liens, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The Debt Instruments also contain customary events of default which would permit the lenders or holders thereof to exercise remedies with respect to the collateral (as applicable), declare the loans made under the Unsecured Term Loan Facility (defined below) (the Unsecured Term Loans ), loans made under the Secured Term Loan Facility (defined below) (the Secured Term Loans and loans made under the Secured Credit Agreement (as defined below) (the Secured Revolving Loans or notes to be immediately due and payable if not cured within applicable grace periods, including the failure to make timely payments on the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans, Secured Revolving Loans or notes or other material indebtedness, cross default to other material indebtedness, the failure to comply with agreements and covenants and specified events of bankruptcy and insolvency, with respect to the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans and Secured Revolving Loans, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties and with respect to the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans and Secured Revolving Loans, a change of control, and, with respect to the Secured Term Loans, Secured Revolving Loans and senior secured notes, the failure of the documents granting security for the obligations under the secured Debt Instruments to be in full force and effect, and the failure of the liens on any material portion of the collateral securing the obligations under the secured Debt Instruments to be valid and perfected. As of October 31, 2021, we believe we were in compliance with the covenants of the Debt Instruments. 
 
 If our consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio is less than 2.0 to 1.0, as defined in the applicable Debt Instrument, we are restricted from making certain payments and dividends (in such case our secured debt leverage ratio must also be less than 4.0 to 1.0), and from incurring indebtedness other than certain permitted indebtedness, refinancing indebtedness and nonrecourse indebtedness. As of October 31, 2021, as a result of our improved operating results, our fixed coverage ratio is above 2.0 to 1.0 and our secured debt leverage ratio is below 4.0 to 1.0, therefore we are no longer restricted from paying dividends. As such, on December 3, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a dividend payment to preferred shareholders of record on January 1, 2022 and which will be paid on January 15, 2022. 
 
 Under the terms of our Debt Instruments, we have the right to make certain redemptions and prepayments and, depending on market conditions, our strategic priorities and covenant restrictions, may do so from time to time. We also continue to actively analyze and evaluate our capital structure and explore transactions to simplify our capital structure and to strengthen our balance sheet, including those that reduce leverage, interest rates and/or extend maturities, and will seek to do so with the right opportunity. We may also continue to make debt purchases and/or exchanges for debt or equity from time to time through tender offers, exchange offers, redemptions, open market purchases, private transactions, or otherwise, or seek to raise additional debt or equity capital, depending on market conditions and covenant restrictions. 
 
 Any liquidity-enhancing or other capital raising or refinancing transaction will depend on identifying counterparties, negotiation of documentation and applicable closing conditions and any required approvals. Due to covenant restrictions in our Debt Instruments, we are currently limited in the amount of debt we can incur that does not qualify as refinancing indebtedness, even if market conditions, including then-current market available interest rates (in recent years, we have not been able to access the traditional capital and bank lending markets at competitive interest rates due to our highly leveraged capital structure), would otherwise be favorable, which could also impact our ability to grow our business. 
 
 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a further discussion of K. Hovnanian s Credit Facilities, senior secured notes and senior notes, including information with respect to the collateral securing our Debt Instruments. 
 
 Mortgages and Notes Payable 
 
 We have nonrecourse mortgage loans for certain communities totaling 125.1 million and 135.1 million (net of debt issuance costs) at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, respectively, which are secured by the related real property, including any improvements, with an aggregate book value of 448.5 million and 368.1 million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on these obligations was 4.4 and 6.4 at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, respectively, and the mortgage loan payments on each community primarily correspond to home deliveries. 
 
 Our wholly owned mortgage banking subsidiary, K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, LLC K. Hovnanian Mortgage ), originates mortgage loans primarily from the sale of our homes. Such mortgage loans and related servicing rights are sold in the secondary mortgage market within a short period of time. In certain instances, we retain the servicing rights for a small amount of loans. K. Hovnanian Mortgage finances the origination of mortgage loans through various master repurchase agreements, which are recorded in Financial services liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The loans are secured by the mortgages held for sale and are repaid when we sell the underlying mortgage loans to permanent investors. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, we had an aggregate of 134.9 million and 87.2 million, respectively, outstanding under several of K. Hovnanian Mortgage s short-term borrowing facilities. 
 
 See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of these agreements and facilities. 
 
 Equity 
 
 On July 3, 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to purchase up to 0.2 million shares of Class A Common Stock. We did not repurchase any shares under this program during fiscal 2021 or 2020. As of October 31, 2021, the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock that may yet be purchased under this program is 22 thousand. (See Part II, Item 5 for information on equity purchases). 
 
 On July 12, 2005, we issued 5,600 shares of 7.625 Series A Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of 25,000 per share. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative and are payable at an annual rate of 7.625 . The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into the Company s common stock and is redeemable in whole or in part at our option at the liquidation preference of the shares. The Series A Preferred Stock is traded as depositary shares, with each depositary share representing 1/1000th of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. The depositary shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol HOVNP. In fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, we did not make any dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock as a result of covenant restrictions in our debt instruments. We have never paid a cash dividend to common stockholders. Due to our improved operating results, as of October 31, 2021 we are no longer restricted from making dividend payments under our debt instruments. On December 3, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a dividend payment of 2.7 million to preferred shareholders of record on January 1, 2022 and which will be paid on January 15, 2022. 

27

Table of Contents 

On October 31, 2019, in connection with the issuance of the 7.75 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, we issued and sold an aggregate of 178,427 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share (and associated Preferred Stock Purchase Rights), to the purchasers of such Notes for an aggregate purchase price of 1,784.27. The issuance was exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 As discussed in Note 20 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we have investments in unconsolidated joint ventures in various markets where our homebuilding operations are located. Our unconsolidated joint ventures had total combined assets of 611.8 million at October 31, 2021 and 540.2 million at October 31, 2020. Our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures totaled 60.9 million at October 31, 2021 and 103.2 million at October 31, 2020. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, our unconsolidated joint ventures had outstanding debt totaling 74.0 and 117.2 million, respectively, under separate construction loan agreements with different third-party lenders and affiliates of certain investment partners to finance their respective land development activities, with the outstanding debt secured by the corresponding underlying property and related project assets and non-recourse to us. While we and our unconsolidated joint venture partners provide certain guarantees and indemnities to the lender, we do not have a guaranty or any other obligation to repay our outstanding debt or to support the value of the collateral underlying the outstanding debt. We do not believe that our existing exposure under our guaranty and indemnity obligations related to the outstanding debt is material to our consolidated financial statements. See also Note 19 Variable Interest Entities in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We determined that none of our joint ventures at October 31, 2021 and 2020 were a variable interest entity. All our unconsolidated joint ventures were accounted for under the equity method because we did not have a controlling financial interest. 
 
 Inventory Activities 
 
 Total inventory, excluding consolidated inventory not owned, increased 142.0 million during the year ended October 31, 2021, from October 31, 2020. Total inventory, excluding consolidated inventory not owned, increased in the Northeast by 35.9 million, in the Midwest by 2.9 million, in the Southeast by 41.9 million and in the Southwest by 91.0 million. These increases were partially offset by decreases in the Mid-Atlantic of 5.0 million and in the West of 24.7 million. These inventory fluctuations were primarily attributable to new land purchases and land development, partially offset by home deliveries and land sales during the period. During the year ended October 31, 2021, we had aggregate impairments in the amount of 2.0 million. We wrote-off costs in the aggregate amount of 1.6 million during the year ended October 31, 2021 related to land options that expired or that we terminated, as the communities forecasted profitability was not projected to produce adequate returns on investment commensurate with the risk. In the last few years, we have been able to acquire new land parcels at prices that we believe will generate reasonable returns under current homebuilding market conditions. This trend may not continue in either the near or the long term. Substantially all homes under construction or completed and included in inventory at October 31, 2021 are expected to be closed during the next six to nine months. 
 
 Consolidated inventory not owned decreased 83.5 million. Consolidated inventory not owned consists of options related to land banking and model financing transactions that were added to our Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with US GAAP. The decrease from October 31, 2020 to October 31, 2021 was primarily due to a decrease in land banking transactions along with a decrease in the sale and leaseback of certain model homes during the period. We have land banking arrangements, whereby we sell land parcels to the land bankers and they provide us an option to purchase back finished lots on a predetermined schedule. Because of our options to repurchase these parcels, for accounting purposes in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-70, these transactions are considered a financing rather than a sale. For purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheet, at October 31, 2021, inventory of 66.2 million was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of 31.3 million (net of debt issuance costs) recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned for the amount of net cash received from the transactions. In addition, we sell and lease back certain of our model homes with the right to participate in the potential profit when each home is sold to a third party at the end of the respective lease. As a result of our continued involvement, for accounting purposes in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-68, these sale and leaseback transactions are considered a financing rather than a sale. Therefore, for purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheet, at October 31, 2021, inventory of 32.5 million was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of 31.5 million (net of debt issuance costs) recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned for the amount of net cash received from the transactions. 
 
 When possible, we option property for development prior to acquisition. By optioning property, we are only subject to the loss of the cost of the option and predevelopment costs if we choose not to exercise the option. As a result, our commitment for major land acquisitions is reduced. The costs associated with optioned properties are included in Land and land options held for future development or sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Also included in Land and land options held for future development or sale are amounts associated with inventory in mothballed communities. We mothball (or stop development on) certain communities when we determine the current performance does not justify further investment at the time. That is, we believe we will generate higher returns if we decide against spending money to improve land today and save the raw land until such time as the markets improve or we determine to sell the property. As of October 31, 2021, we had mothballed land in 6 communities. The book value associated with these communities at October 31, 2021 was 4.3 million, which was net of impairment charges recorded in prior periods of 57.5 million. We continually review communities to determine if mothballing is appropriate. During fiscal 2021, we did not mothball any additional communities, but we sold four previously mothballed communities and we re-activated two previously mothballed communities and portions of two previously mothballed communities. 
 
 Inventories held for sale, which are land parcels where we have decided not to build homes, and are actively marketing the land for sale, represented 2.0 million of our total inventories held for sale at October 31, 2020 and are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There were no inventories held for sale at October 31, 2021. In determining fair value for land held for sale, management considers, among other things, prices for land in recent comparable sale transactions, market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land (other than in a forced liquidation sale) and recent bona fide offers received from outside third parties. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we enter into land and lot option purchase contracts in order to procure land or lots for the construction of homes. Lot option contracts enable us to control significant lot positions with a minimal capital investment and substantially reduce the risks associated with land ownership and development. At October 31, 2021, we had total cash deposits of 100.1 million to purchase land and lots with a total purchase price of 1.5 billion. Our financial exposure is generally limited to forfeiture of the nonrefundable deposits, letters of credit and other nonrefundable amounts incurred. We have no material third-party guarantees. 

28

Table of Contents 

The following tables summarize home sites included in our total residential real estate. 

Remaining 

Total 

Contracted 

Home 

Home 

Not 

Sites 

Sites 

Delivered 

Available 

October 31, 2021: 

Northeast 

3,346 

172 

3,174 

Mid-Atlantic 

8,243 

508 

7,735 

Midwest 

2,383 

605 

1,778 

Southeast 

3,779 

421 

3,358 

Southwest 

9,408 

1,076 

8,332 

West 

4,084 

465 

3,619 

Consolidated total 

31,243 

3,247 

27,996 

Unconsolidated joint ventures 

4,030 

2,288 

1,742 

Owned 

10,451 

2,624 

7,827 

Optioned 

20,423 

254 

20,169 

Construction to permanent financing lots 

369 

369 

- 

Consolidated total 

31,243 

3,247 

27,996 

Lots controlled by unconsolidated joint ventures 

4,030 

2,288 

1,742 

October 31, 2020: 

Northeast 

3,043 

130 

2,913 

Mid-Atlantic 

5,928 

557 

5,371 

Midwest 

2,166 

596 

1,570 

Southeast 

3,071 

298 

2,773 

Southwest 

7,641 

1,066 

6,575 

West 

4,495 

755 

3,740 

Consolidated total 

26,344 

3,402 

22,942 

Unconsolidated joint ventures 

4,724 

1,418 

3,306 

Owned 

9,745 

2,517 

7,228 

Optioned 

16,304 

590 

15,714 

Construction to permanent financing lots 

295 

295 

- 

Consolidated total 

26,344 

3,402 

22,942 

Lots controlled by unconsolidated joint ventures 

4,724 

1,418 

3,306 

The following table summarizes our started or completed unsold homes and models, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, in active and substantially completed communities. The decrease in the total homes from October 31, 2020 to October 31, 2021 was primarily due to the increase in net contracts absorption pace during fiscal 2021. 

October 31, 2021 

October 31, 2020 

Unsold 

Unsold 

Homes 

Models 

Total 

Homes 

Models 

Total 

Northeast 

8 

10 

18 

1 

5 

6 

Mid-Atlantic 

26 

22 

48 

31 

10 

41 

Midwest 

8 

9 

17 

11 

8 

19 

Southeast 

24 

22 

46 

42 

17 

59 

Southwest 

114 

29 

143 

174 

16 

190 

West 

7 

12 

19 

14 

19 

33 

Total 

187 

104 

291 

273 

75 

348 

Started or completed unsold homes and models per active selling communities(1) 

1.5 

0.8 

2.3 

2.4 

0.6 

3.0 

(1) 
 Active selling communities (which are communities that are open for sale with ten or more home sites available) were 124 and 116 at October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This r atio does not include substantially completed communities, which are communities with less than ten home sites available. 

Other Balance Sheet Activities 
 
 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures decreased 42.3 million during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 compared to October 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to partnership distributions during the period, along with our purchase of the remaining equity interest in one of our unconsolidated joint ventures in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. As a result of this transaction, we took control of four communities, including three active communities. The previously unconsolidated joint venture was subsequently dissolved. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 we acquired the remaining assets and liabilities from one of our unconsolidated joint ventures which was disolved during the period, resulting in the write-off of our investment. These decreases were partially offset by an increase due to our entry into two new unconsolidated joint ventures during the first half of fiscal 2021. As of October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, we had investments in nine and ten unconsolidated homebuilding joint ventures, respectively, and one unconsolidated land development joint venture for both periods. We have no guarantees associated with our unconsolidated joint ventures, other than guarantees limited only to performance and completion of development, environmental indemnification and standard warranty and representation against fraud, misrepresentation and similar actions, including a voluntary bankruptcy. 

29

Table of Contents 

Receivables, deposits and notes, net increased 6.2 million from October 31, 2020 to 39.9 million at October 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the timing of home closings, along with increased escrow and municipal deposits during the period, partially offset by a receivable for a settlement which was received in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets were as follows as of: 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Dollar Change 

Prepaid insurance 

2,577 

2,687 

(110) 

Prepaid project costs 

25,880 

28,549 

(2,669) 

Other prepaids 

9,140 

7,022 

2,118 

Other assets 

745 

431 

314 

Lease right of use asset 

17,844 

20,016 

(2,172) 

Total 

56,186 

58,705 

(2,519) 

Prepaid insurance decreased slightly due to the timing of premium payments. These costs are amortized over the life of the associated insurance policy, which can be one to three years. Prepaid project costs consist of community specific expenditures that are used over the life of the community. Such prepaids are expensed as homes are delivered. The decrease in prepaid project costs was primarily related to the close-out of communities during the fiscal year, along with the write-off of prepaid costs related to a land sale in the Midwest, partially offset by prepaid project costs for new communities during the fiscal year. Other prepaids increased primarily due to increased prepaid commissions and property taxes during the period. Lease right of use asset represents the net present value of our operating leases which, in accordance with ASC 842, are required to be recorded as an asset on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Financial services assets consist primarily of residential mortgages receivable held for sale of which 149.2 million and 101.8 million at October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were being temporarily warehoused and are awaiting sale in the secondary mortgage market. The increase in mortgage loans held for sale from October 31, 2020 was primarily related to an increase in the volume of loans originated during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, along with an increase in the average loan value. 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net, was 425.7 million at October 31, 2021, and zero at October 31, 2020, due to the full reversal of our federal valuation allowance and the reversal of a portion of our state valuation allowance in the second quarter of fiscal 2021. 
 
 Nonrecourse mortgages secured by inventory decreased to 125.1 million at October 31, 2021, from 135.1 million at October 31, 2020. The decrease was primarily due to the payment of existing mortgages, partially offset by additional loan borrowings on existing mortgages along with new mortgages for communities in most of our segments obtained during fiscal 2021. 
 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities are as follows as of: 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

Dollar Change 

Accounts payable 

163,898 

148,541 

15,357 

Reserves 

98,831 

89,985 

8,846 

Lease liability 

18,952 

21,049 

(2,097) 

Accrued expenses 

17,588 

10,680 

6,908 

Accrued compensation 

102,862 

68,641 

34,221 

Other liabilities 

24,250 

20,378 

3,872 

Total 

426,381 

359,274 

67,107 

The increase in accounts payable was primarily due to an increase in construction spending, corresponding to the increase in deliveries in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. Reserves increased due to new accruals primarily for warranty and construction defect claims, partially offset by claim payments during the period. Lease liability represents the net present value of our minimum lease obligations, which as discussed above, are required to be recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with ASC 842. Accrued expenses increased primarily due to an accrual for a sales reward program, along with an increase in accrued property taxes. The increase in accrued compensation was primarily due to expenses associated with our 2019 LTIP plan based on the increase in our stock price during fiscal 2021, along with increased company profitability in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, which resulted in higher bonuses. Other liabilities increased primarily due to deferred payroll tax withholdings during the period. 
 
 Customers deposits increased 20.0 million from October 31, 2020 to 68.3 million at October 31, 2021. The increase was primarily related to the increase in the dollar value of our backlog, associated with price increases in fiscal 2021, along with an increase due to the consolidation of one of our previously unconsolidated joint ventures during fiscal 2021, which has open for sale communities. 
 
 Liabilities from inventory not owned decreased 68.4 million to 62.8 million at October 31, 2021. The decrease was due to a decrease in land banking transactions during the period, along with a decrease in the sale and leaseback of certain model homes, both of which are accounted for as financing transactions as described above. 
 
 Accrued interest decreased 7.4 million to 28.2 million at October 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the redemption of our 10.0 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and 10.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2024 during the period, partially offset by new accruals during the period. 
 
 Financial Services liabilities increased 63.2 million from 119.0 million at October 31, 2020, to 182.2 million at October 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to the increase in amounts outstanding under our mortgage warehouse lines of credit, and directly correlated to the increase in the volume of mortgage loans held for sale during the year. 

30

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Total Revenues 
 
 Compared to the prior period, revenues increased (decreased) as follows: 

Year Ended 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Homebuilding: 

Sale of homes 

421,681 

302,347 

43,454 

Land sales 

8,459 

7,694 

(15,066) 

Other revenues 

(714) 

(1,066) 

(3,502) 

Financial services 

9,530 

18,010 

797 

Total change 

438,956 

326,985 

25,683 

Total revenues percent change 

18.7 

16.2 

1.3 

Homebuilding 
 
 Sale of homes revenues increased 421.7 million, or 18.7 , for the year ended October 31, 2021, increased 302.3 million, or 15.5 , for the year ended October 31, 2020, and increased 43.5 million, or 2.3 , for the year ended October 31, 2019 as compared to the same period of the prior year. The increased revenues in fiscal 2021 were primarily due to the number of home deliveries increasing 9.1 , and the average price per home increasing to 430,966 in fiscal 2021 from 396,065 in fiscal 2020. The increase in deliveries in fiscal 2021 was primarily due to increased demand for new home construction during fiscal 2021. The increased revenues in fiscal 2020 were primarily due to the number of home deliveries increasing 15.0 , and the average price per home increasing to 396,065 in fiscal 2020 from 394,194 in fiscal 2019. The increase in deliveries in fiscal 2020 was primarily due to the increased demand for new home construction during the latter half of fiscal 2020. The increased revenues in fiscal 2019 were primarily due to the number of home deliveries increasing 2.0 and the average price per home increasing to 394,194 in fiscal 2019 from 393,280 in fiscal 2018. The increase in deliveries in fiscal 2019 was primarily due to the result of an increase in community count in fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 of 14.6 . The increase in average price in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was primarily due to price increases in most of our communities as a result of a sustained surge in demand for new homes, which started in May 2020. The increase in average price for fiscal 2019 was primarily the result of geographic and community mix of our deliveries. For further detail on changes in segment revenues see Homebuilding Operations by Segment below. Land sales are ancillary to our homebuilding operations and are expected to continue in the future but may significantly fluctuate up or down. For further detail on land sales and other revenue, see the section titled Land Sales and Other Revenues below. 
 
 Information on homes delivered by segment is set forth below: 

Year Ended 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(Housing Revenue in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Northeast: 

Housing revenues 

140,212 

175,627 

116,889 

Homes delivered 

201 

348 

192 

Average price 

697,572 

504,675 

608,797 

Mid-Atlantic: 

Housing revenues 

465,432 

402,647 

356,674 

Homes delivered 

849 

755 

652 

Average price 

548,212 

533,307 

547,046 

Midwest: 

Housing revenues 

248,531 

225,334 

203,734 

Homes delivered 

773 

727 

680 

Average price 

321,515 

309,950 

299,609 

Southeast: 

Housing revenues 

276,207 

232,333 

219,860 

Homes delivered 

602 

548 

545 

Average price 

458,816 

423,965 

403,413 

Southwest: 

Housing revenues 

902,248 

743,301 

627,201 

Homes delivered 

2,531 

2,233 

1,866 

Average price 

356,479 

332,871 

336,121 

West: 

Housing revenues 

641,080 

472,786 

425,324 

Homes delivered 

1,248 

1,075 

1,011 

Average price 

513,686 

439,801 

420,696 

Consolidated total: 

Housing revenues 

2,673,710 

2,252,028 

1,949,682 

Homes delivered 

6,204 

5,686 

4,946 

Average price 

430,966 

396,065 

394,194 

Unconsolidated joint ventures:(1) 

Housing revenues 

345,793 

432,602 

485,324 

Homes delivered 

589 

728 

774 

Average price 

587,085 

594,234 

627,034 

(1) Represents housing revenue and home deliveries for our unconsolidated homebuilding joint ventures for the period. We provide this data as a supplement to our consolidated results as an indicator of the volume managed in our unconsolidated joint ventures. See Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further discussion of our joint ventures. 

31

Table of Contents 

The increase in housing revenues during the year ended October 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended October 31, 2020, was primarily attributed to our increased deliveries, from the sustained strong homebuilding market and high demand for new home construction we saw begin in fiscal 2020, and by the increase in average sales price. Housing revenues in fiscal 2021 increased 18.7 on a combined basis across all of our homebuilding segments, and average sales price increased by 8.8 in all such segments combined, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. In our homebuilding segments, homes delivered increased in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020 by 12.5 , 6.3 , 9.9 , 13.3 and 16.1 in the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Southeast, Southwest and West, respectively, partially offset by a 42.2 decrease in the Northeast. Overall in fiscal 2021 as compared to fiscal 2020, homes delivered increased 9.1 across all our segments, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 The increase in housing revenues during the year ended October 31, 2020, as compared to the year ended October 31, 2019, was primarily attributed to our increased deliveries, from the strong homebuilding market and high demand for new home construction, and by the increase in average sales price. Housing revenues in fiscal 2020 increased 15.5 on a combined basis across all of our homebuilding segments, and average sales price increased by 0.5 in all such segments combined, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. In our homebuilding segments, homes delivered increased in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 by 81.3 , 15.8 , 6.9 , 0.6 , 19.7 and 6.3 in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Southeast, Southwest and West, respectively. Overall in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019, homes delivered increased 15.0 across all of our segments, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Quarterly housing revenues and net sales contracts by segment, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set forth below (net contracts are defined as new contracts executed during the period for the purchase of homes, less cancellations of contracts in the same period): 

Quarter Ended 

October 31, 

July 31, 

April 30, 

January 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2021 

2021 

2021 

2021 

Housing revenues: 

Northeast 

45,055 

35,255 

28,686 

31,216 

Mid-Atlantic 

154,202 

106,195 

112,124 

92,911 

Midwest 

67,340 

60,588 

64,010 

56,593 

Southeast 

87,718 

61,978 

80,863 

45,648 

Southwest 

282,128 

212,773 

217,165 

190,182 

West 

143,108 

186,490 

176,667 

134,815 

Consolidated total 

779,551 

663,279 

679,515 

551,365 

Sales contracts (net of cancellations): 

Northeast 

60,812 

52,066 

49,948 

33,670 

Mid-Atlantic 

127,625 

117,341 

152,237 

144,481 

Midwest 

56,684 

56,848 

80,541 

79,386 

Southeast 

97,284 

58,522 

66,485 

98,194 

Southwest 

217,920 

196,481 

319,618 

267,825 

West 

100,067 

127,872 

151,571 

174,114 

Consolidated total 

660,392 

609,130 

820,400 

797,670 

Quarter Ended 

October 31, 

July 31, 

April 30, 

January 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2020 

2020 

2020 

2020 

Housing revenues: 

Northeast 

42,218 

41,354 

46,791 

45,264 

Mid-Atlantic 

114,221 

111,160 

89,677 

87,589 

Midwest 

59,498 

62,901 

56,543 

46,392 

Southeast 

73,741 

65,595 

56,317 

36,680 

Southwest 

194,505 

214,608 

170,485 

163,703 

West 

159,332 

110,315 

103,534 

99,605 

Consolidated total 

643,515 

605,933 

523,347 

479,233 

Sales contracts (net of cancellations): 

Northeast 

63,326 

51,586 

23,266 

33,003 

Mid-Atlantic 

135,364 

152,511 

128,652 

93,702 

Midwest 

79,999 

79,394 

54,501 

58,276 

Southeast 

74,765 

79,846 

48,508 

67,158 

Southwest 

245,813 

260,891 

187,493 

178,433 

West 

229,656 

258,067 

139,418 

90,832 

Consolidated total 

828,923 

882,295 

581,838 

521,404 

32

Table of Contents 

Quarter Ended 

October 31, 

July 31, 

April 30, 

January 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2019 

2019 

2019 

2019 

Housing revenues: 

Northeast 

70,650 

20,694 

13,040 

12,505 

Mid-Atlantic 

135,866 

86,811 

80,818 

53,179 

Midwest 

68,714 

47,261 

42,870 

44,889 

Southeast 

76,414 

50,217 

49,346 

43,883 

Southwest 

213,089 

152,615 

143,634 

117,863 

West 

127,413 

110,251 

97,844 

89,816 

Consolidated total 

692,146 

467,849 

427,552 

362,135 

Sales contracts (net of cancellations): 

Northeast 

37,860 

37,560 

62,580 

34,950 

Mid-Atlantic 

86,296 

99,807 

118,245 

81,514 

Midwest 

54,682 

58,794 

68,744 

37,046 

Southeast 

69,765 

58,648 

64,772 

40,460 

Southwest 

166,723 

202,553 

192,630 

115,338 

West 

102,460 

131,483 

120,616 

57,018 

Consolidated total 

517,786 

588,845 

627,587 

366,326 

Contracts per average active selling community in fiscal 2021 were 55.3 compared to 54.3 in fiscal 2020. Our reported level of sales contracts (net of cancellations) was positively impacted by an increase in the pace of sales in all of the Company s segments during fiscal 2021. Cancellation rates represent the number of cancelled contracts in the quarter divided by the number of gross sales contracts executed in the quarter. For comparison, the following are historical cancellation rates, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures: 

Quarter 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

First 

17 

19 

24 

18 

19 

Second 

16 

23 

19 

17 

18 

Third 

16 

18 

19 

19 

19 

Fourth 

15 

18 

21 

23 

22 

Another common and meaningful way to analyze our cancellation trends is to compare the number of contract cancellations as a percentage of the beginning backlog. The following table provides this historical comparison, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. 

Quarter 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

First 

11 

14 

16 

12 

12 

Second 

9 

20 

20 

15 

16 

Third 

6 

21 

16 

14 

13 

Fourth 

6 

14 

14 

13 

12 

Most cancellations occur within the legal rescission period, which varies by state but is generally less than two weeks after the signing of the contract. Cancellations also occur as a result of a buyer's failure to qualify for a mortgage, which generally occurs during the first few weeks after signing. As shown in the tables above, contract cancellations over the past several years have been within what we believe to be a normal range, with fiscal 2021 cancellation rates, in particular, being below historical norms as a result of the strong market conditions. Fiscal 2020 had varying cancellation rates due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects. Market conditions and any possible further impacts from COVID-19 remain uncertain, and it is difficult to predict what cancellation rates will be in the future. 

33

Table of Contents 

An important indicator of our future results is recently signed contracts and our home contract backlog for future deliveries. Our consolidated contract backlog, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, by segment is set forth below: 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Northeast: 

Total contract backlog 

138,396 

82,111 

86,557 

Number of homes 

172 

130 

152 

Mid-Atlantic: (1)(2) 

Total contract backlog 

342,189 

291,115 

193,387 

Number of homes 

508 

557 

343 

Midwest: 

Total contract backlog 

194,446 

169,517 

122,681 

Number of homes 

605 

596 

450 

Southeast: 

Total contract backlog 

221,425 

146,971 

121,921 

Number of homes 

421 

298 

282 

Southwest: 

Total contract backlog 

459,820 

360,225 

230,898 

Number of homes 

1,076 

1,066 

663 

West: 

Total contract backlog 

282,430 

369,887 

124,700 

Number of homes 

465 

755 

301 

Totals: (1)(2) 

Total consolidated contract backlog 

1,638,706 

1,419,826 

880,144 

Number of homes 

3,247 

3,402 

2,191 

(1) 
 Contract backlog as of October 31, 2019 excludes 29 homes that were sold to one of our joint ventures at the time of the joint venture formation. 

(2) 
 Reflects the reclassification of 14 homes and 7.4 million of contract backlog as of October 31, 2021 from unconsolidated joint ventures to the consolidated Mid-Atlantic segment. This is related to our acquisition of the remaining assets and liabilities from one of our unconsolidated joint ventures which was dissolved during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021. 

Contract backlog dollars increased 15.4 as of October 31, 2021 compared to October 31, 2020, and the number of homes in backlog decreased 4.6 for the same period. The increase in backlog dollars was driven by a 20.9 increase in the average price of the homes in backlog for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to the prior fiscal year. In the month of November 2021, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures, we signed an additional 467 net contracts amounting to 239.7 million in contract value. 
 
 Total cost of sales on our Consolidated Statements of Operations includes expenses for consolidated housing and land and lot sales, including inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs (defined as land charges in the tables below). A breakout of such expenses for housing sales and homebuilding gross margin is set forth below. 
 
 Homebuilding gross margin before cost of sales interest expense and land charges is a non-GAAP financial measure. This measure should not be considered as an alternative to homebuilding gross margin determined in accordance with GAAP as an indicator of operating performance. 
 
 Management believes this non-GAAP measure enables investors to better understand our operating performance. This measure is also useful internally, helping management evaluate our operating results on a consolidated basis and relative to other companies in our industry. In particular, the magnitude and volatility of land charges for the Company, and for other homebuilders, have been significant and, as such, have made financial analysis of our industry more difficult. Homebuilding metrics excluding land charges, as well as interest amortized to cost of sales, and other similar presentations prepared by analysts and other companies are frequently used to assist investors in understanding and comparing the operating characteristics of homebuilding activities by eliminating many of the differences in companies respective level of impairments and levels of debt. 

Year Ended 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Sale of homes 

2,673,710 

2,252,029 

1,949,682 

Cost of sales, excluding interest expense and land charges 

2,091,016 

1,837,332 

1,596,237 

Homebuilding gross margin, before cost of sales interest expense and land charges 

582,694 

414,697 

353,445 

Cost of sales interest expense, excluding land sales interest expense 

82,181 

74,174 

70,520 

Homebuilding gross margin, after cost of sales interest expense, before land charges 

500,513 

340,523 

282,925 

Land charges 

3,630 

8,813 

6,288 

Homebuilding gross margin 

496,883 

331,710 

276,637 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage 

18.6 

14.7 

14.2 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage, before cost of sales interest expense and land charges 

21.8 

18.4 

18.1 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage, after cost of sales interest expense, before land charges 

18.7 

15.1 

14.5 

34

Table of Contents 

Cost of sales expenses as a percentage of consolidated home sales revenues are presented below: 

Year Ended 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

2021 

2020 

2019 

Sale of homes 

100 

100 

100 

Cost of sales, excluding interest expense and land charges: 

Housing, land and development costs 

69.7 

72.1 

72.1 

Commissions 

3.7 

3.7 

3.7 

Financing concessions 

1.1 

1.4 

1.4 

Overheads 

3.7 

4.4 

4.7 

Total cost of sales, before interest expense and land charges 

78.2 

81.6 

81.9 

Cost of sales interest 

3.1 

3.3 

3.6 

Land charges 

0.1 

0.4 

0.3 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage 

18.6 

14.7 

14.2 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage, before cost of sales interest expense and land charges 

21.8 

18.4 

18.1 

Homebuilding gross margin percentage, after cost of sales interest expense and before land charges 

18.7 

15.1 

14.5 

We sell a variety of home types in various communities, each yielding a different gross margin. As a result, depending on the mix of communities delivering homes, consolidated gross margin may fluctuate up or down. Total homebuilding gross margin percentage increased to 18.6 for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to 14.7 for the prior year. This increase was primarily due to increases in home prices across virtually all our operating segments, along with the mix of communities delivering compared to the prior year. Total homebuilding gross margin percentage increased to 14.7 for the year ended October 31, 2020 compared to 14.2 for the prior year. This increase was primarily due to the mix of communities delivering compared to the prior year, along with increases in home prices during the latter half of fiscal 2020 in virtually all of our markets. 
 
 Reflected as inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs in cost of sales land charges ), we have written off or written down certain inventories totaling 3.6 million, 8.8 million and 6.3 million during the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, to their estimated fair value. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for an additional discussion. During the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we wrote off residential land options and approval and engineering costs totaling 1.6 million, 6.8 million and 3.6 million, respectively, which are included in the total land charges mentioned above. Option, approval and engineering costs are written off when a community s pro forma profitability is not projected to produce adequate returns on the investment commensurate with the risk and when we believe it is probable we will cancel the option, or when a community is redesigned, engineering costs related to the initial design are written off. Such write-offs were located in all segments in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019. The inventory impairments amounted to 2.0 million, 2.0 million and 2.7 million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. It is difficult to predict impairment levels, and should it become necessary or desirable to have additional land sales, lower prices, or should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated cash flows or fair value decrease or differ from current estimates in the future, we may need to recognize additional impairments. 
 
 Below is a breakdown of our lot option walk-aways and impairments by segment for fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2021, we walked away from 13.5 of all the lots we controlled under option contracts. The remaining 86.5 of our option lots are in communities that we believe remain economically feasible. 
 
 The following table represents lot option walk-aways by segment for the year ended October 31, 2021: 

Walk- 

Away 

Dollar 

Number of 

of 

Lots as a 

Amount 

Walk- 

Walk- 

Total 

of Total 

of Walk 

Away 

Away 

Option 

Option 

(Dollars in millions) 
 
 Away 

Lots 

Lots 

Lots(1) 

Lots 

Northeast 

- 

- 

- 

2,818 

- 

Mid-Atlantic 

0.3 

1,008 

31.5 

7,488 

13.5 

Midwest 

- 

- 

- 

1,197 

- 

Southeast 

0.2 

667 

20.8 

2,890 

23.1 

Southwest 

0.2 

1,343 

42.0 

7,890 

17.0 

West 

0.9 

183 

5.7 

1,341 

13.6 

Total 

1.6 

3,201 

100.0 

23,624 

13.5 

(1) 
 Includes lots optioned at October 31, 2021 and lots optioned that the Company walked away from in the year ended October 31, 2021. 

35

Table of Contents 

The following table represents impairments by segment for the year ended October 31, 2021: 

Dollar 

Pre- 

of Pre- 

Amount of 

of 

Impairment 

Impairment 

(In millions) 
 
 Impairment 

Impairments 

Value(1) 

Value 

Northeast 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Mid-Atlantic 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Midwest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Southeast 

1.2 

60.0 

9.2 

13.0 

Southwest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

West 

0.8 

40.0 

2.3 

34.8 

Total 

2.0 

100.0 

11.5 

17.4 

(1) 
 Represents carrying value, net of prior period impairments, if any, at the time of recording the applicable period s impairments. 

Land Sales and Other Revenues 
 
 Land sales and other revenues consist primarily of land and lot sales. A breakout of land and lot sales is set forth below: 

Year Ended 

October 31, 

October 31, 

October 31, 

(In thousands) 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

Land and lot sales 

25,364 

16,905 

9,211 

Cost of sales, excluding interest 

19,180 

11,154 

8,540 

Land and lot sales gross margin, excluding interest 

6,184 

5,751 

671 

Land and lot sales interest expense 

1,919 

156 

205 

Land and lot sales gross margin, including interest 

4,265 

5,595 

466 

Land sales are ancillary to our residential homebuilding operations and are expected to continue in the future but may significantly fluctuate up or down. Although we budget land sales, they are often dependent upon receiving approvals and entitlements, the timing of which can be uncertain. As a result, projecting the amount and timing of land sales is difficult. There were 11 land sales during the year ended October 31, 2021, compared to seven in the prior year, resulting in an 8.5 million increase in land sales revenue. There were seven land sales in the year ended October 31, 2020, compared to six in the year ended October 31, 2019, resulting in a 7.7 million increase in land sales revenue. 
 
 Land sales and other revenues increased 7.7 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to the prior year and increased 6.6 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 compared to the prior year. Other revenues include income from contract cancellations where the deposit has been forfeited due to contract terminations, interest income, cash discounts and miscellaneous one-time receipts. The increase from fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2021 and from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 was mainly due to the fluctuations in land sales revenue noted above. 
 
 Homebuilding Selling, General and Administrative 
 
 Homebuilding selling, general and administrative SGA expenses increased 8.6 million to 169.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 as compared to the year ended October 31, 2020. The increase was primarily attributed to a change in volume of our unconsolidated joint venture deliveries, and an increase in compensation expense. The increase in compensation expense was mostly attributed to our long-term incentive programs now forecasted to achieve above target metrics as a result of improved operating results and our higher stock price. SGA expenses decreased 5.5 million to 161.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended October 31, 2019. The decrease was primarily attributed to lower selling overhead and advertising costs, as a result of the reduction of our community count and a reduced need for advertising as home sales improved. 

36

Table of Contents 

Homebuilding Operations by Segment 
 
 Financial information relating to the Company s operations was as follows: 
 
 Segment Analysis (Dollars in thousands, except average sales price) 

Years Ended October 31, 

Variance 

Variance 

2021 

2020 

Compared 

Compared 

2021 

to 2020 

2020 

to 2019 

2019 

Northeast 

Homebuilding revenue 

142,445 

(49,624) 

192,069 

67,697 

124,372 

Income before income taxes 

22,922 

(7,449) 

30,371 

9,417 

20,954 

Homes delivered 

201 

(147) 

348 

156 

192 

Average sales price 

697,572 

192,897 

504,675 

(104,122) 

608,797 

Mid-Atlantic 

Homebuilding revenue 

465,876 

62,207 

403,669 

46,422 

357,247 

Income before income taxes 

61,567 

26,997 

34,570 

20,243 

14,327 

Homes delivered 

849 

94 

755 

103 

652 

Average sales price 

548,212 

14,905 

533,307 

(13,739) 

547,046 

Midwest 

Homebuilding revenue 

262,770 

37,052 

225,718 

21,257 

204,461 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

18,407 

20,212 

(1,805) 

(1,156) 

(649) 

Homes delivered 

773 

46 

727 

47 

680 

Average sales price 

321,515 

11,565 

309,950 

10,341 

299,609 

Southeast 

Homebuilding revenue 

285,658 

52,928 

232,730 

12,648 

220,082 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

17,764 

16,409 

1,355 

11,415 

(10,060) 

Homes delivered 

602 

54 

548 

3 

545 

Average sales price 

458,816 

34,851 

423,965 

20,552 

403,413 

Southwest 

Homebuilding revenue 

903,178 

158,981 

744,197 

114,853 

629,344 

Income before income taxes 

115,840 

47,656 

68,184 

34,725 

33,459 

Homes delivered 

2,531 

298 

2,233 

367 

1,866 

Average sales price 

356,479 

23,608 

332,871 

(3,250) 

336,121 

West 

Homebuilding revenue 

641,219 

168,330 

472,889 

47,373 

425,516 

Income before income taxes 

82,503 

66,088 

16,415 

(23,603) 

40,018 

Homes delivered 

1,248 

173 

1,075 

64 

1,011 

Average sales price 

513,686 

73,885 

439,801 

19,105 

420,696 

Homebuilding Results by Segment 
 
 Northeast Homebuilding revenues decreased 25.8 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 42.2 decrease in homes delivered and a 14.2 million decrease in land sales and other revenue, partially offset by a 38.2 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was mainly the result of price increases in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes decreased 7.4 million to 22.9 million, which was mainly due to the decrease in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 1.6 million increase in selling, general and administrative costs and a 7.4 million decrease in income from unconsolidated joint ventures, partially offset by an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 54.4 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to an 81.3 increase in homes delivered and a 9.0 million increase in land sales and other revenue, partially offset by a 17.1 decrease in average selling price. The decrease in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering smaller single family homes, townhomes and affordable-housing homes in mid to higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2020 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2019 that had higher priced, single family homes in higher-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the decrease in average sales price was an increase in pricing concessions and a decrease in location premiums in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes increased 9.4 million to 30.4 million, which was mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 0.5 million decrease in selling, general and administrative costs and a slight increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. This increase was partially offset by an 8.2 million decrease in income from unconsolidated joint ventures for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Mid-Atlantic Homebuilding revenues increased 15.4 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 12.5 increase in homes delivered and a 2.8 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes and townhomes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2021 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2020 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes and townhomes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the increase in the average sales price was price increases in certain communities. 

37

Table of Contents 

Income before income taxes increased 27.0 million to 61.6 million, mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 0.6 million decrease in selling, general and administrative costs and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 13.0 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 15.8 increase in homes delivered, partially offset by a 2.5 decrease in average sales price. The decrease in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering lower priced, smaller single family homes and townhomes in lower-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2020 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2019 that had higher priced, larger single family homes and townhomes in higher-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. 
 
 Income before income taxes increased 20.2 million to 34.6 million, mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 2.0 million decrease in selling, general and administrative costs, a 0.8 million decrease in inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Midwest Homebuilding revenues increased 16.4 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 6.3 increase in homes delivered, a 3.7 increase in average sales price and a 13.9 million increase in land sales and other revenue. The increase in average sales price was mainly the result of price increases in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes was 18.4 million in fiscal 2021, an improvement of 20.2 million compared to a loss before income taxes of 1.8 million in fiscal 2020. The increase was primarily due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 3.5 million decrease in selling, general and administrative costs and a 5.5 million decrease in inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs, while gross margin percentage before interest expense was flat for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 10.4 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 6.9 increase in homes delivered and a 3.5 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes and townhomes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2020 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2019 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. 
 
 Loss before income taxes increased 1.2 million to a loss of 1.8 million in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. The increase was primarily due to a 3.2 million increase in inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs, while gross margin percentage before interest expense was flat for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Southeast Homebuilding revenues increased 22.7 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 9.9 increase in homes delivered, an 8.2 increase in average sales price and a 9.1 million increase in land sales and other revenue. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2021 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2020 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes and townhomes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the increase in average sales price was price increases in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes increased 16.4 million to 17.8 million in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020, mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenue discussed above, a 1.2 million increase in income from unconsolidated joint ventures and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 5.7 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 0.6 increase in homes delivered and a 5.1 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2020 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2019 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the increase in average sales price was price increases and higher location premium revenue in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes of 1.4 million in fiscal 2020 represented an 11.4 million improvement from the prior year due to the increase in homebuilding revenue discussed above, a 3.9 million decrease in selling, general and administrative costs and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 Southwest Homebuilding revenues increased 21.4 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 13.3 increase in homes delivered and a 7.1 increase in average sales price. The increase in the average sales price was due to price increases in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes increased 47.7 million to 115.8 million in fiscal 2021 mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above, a 0.4 million decrease in inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 18.2 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 19.7 increase in homes delivered, while average sales price was essentially flat with a 1.0 decrease in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year. 
 
 Income before income taxes increased 34.7 million to 68.2 million in fiscal 2020 mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019. 
 
 West Homebuilding revenues increased 35.6 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 primarily due to a 16.1 increase in homes delivered and a 16.8 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2021 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2020 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the increase in average sales price was price increases in certain communities. 

38

Table of Contents 

Income before income taxes increased 66.1 million to 82.5 million in fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year mainly due to the increase in homebuilding revenues discussed above and an increase in gross margin percentage before interest expense for fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year, partially offset by a 1.3 million increase in inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs. 
 
 Homebuilding revenues increased 11.1 in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 primarily due to a 6.3 increase in homes delivered and a 4.5 increase in average sales price. The increase in average sales price was the result of new communities delivering higher priced, larger single family homes in higher-end submarkets of the segment in fiscal 2020 compared to some communities delivering in fiscal 2019 that had lower priced, smaller single family homes in lower-end submarkets of the segment that are no longer delivering. Also impacting the increase in average sales price was price increases in certain communities. 
 
 Income before income taxes decreased 23.6 million to 16.4 million in fiscal 2020 compared to the prior year due mainly to a significant decrease in gross margin percentage before interest expense, partly as a result of increases in estimated land development costs in some of our communities in the segment. 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Financial services consist primarily of originating mortgages from our home buyers, selling such mortgages in the secondary market, and title insurance activities. We use mandatory investor commitments and forward sales of MBS to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate exposure on agency and government loans. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. Credit risk associated with MBS forward commitments and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting our counterparties to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting our credit standards. Our risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of the MBS forward commitments. For the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our conforming conventional loan originations as a percentage of our total loans were 71.9 , 69.1 and 65.8 , respectively. FHA/VA loans represented 27.4 , 29.8 , and 29.8 , respectively, of our total loans. The remaining 0.7 , 1.1 and 4.4 of our loan originations represent loans which exceed conforming conventions. Profits and losses relating to the sale of mortgage loans are recognized when legal control passes to the buyer of the mortgage and the sales price is collected. 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, financial services provided a 37.6 million, 32.1 million and 17.6 million pretax profit, respectively. In fiscal 2021 and 2020, financial services pretax profit increased 5.5 million and 14.5 million, respectively, from the respective prior year primarily due to the increase in homebuilding deliveries and an increase in the average price of the loans settled. Also impacting the increase in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was the increase in the basis point spread between the loans originated and the implied rate from the sale of the loans. In the market areas served by our wholly owned mortgage banking subsidiaries, 68.3 , 69.3 , and 70.9 of our noncash home buyers obtained mortgages originated by these subsidiaries during the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 Corporate General and Administrative 
 
 Corporate general and administrative expenses include the operations at our headquarters in New Jersey. These expenses include payroll, stock compensation, legal expenses, rent and facility costs and other costs associated with our executive offices, information services, human resources, corporate accounting, training, treasury, process redesign, internal audit, national and digital marketing, construction services and administration of insurance, quality and safety. Corporate general and administrative expenses increased 26.1 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to the year ended October 31, 2020 and increased 14.2 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 compared to the year ended October 31, 2019. The increase in expense for fiscal 2021 was mainly due to the increase in total variable compensation expenses related to performance based compensation attributable to improved profitability and to the grants of phantom stock awards under our 2019 LTIP. The Company's phantom shares issued under the 2019 LTIP are classified as liabilities under the applicable accounting guidance, which requires remeasurement of the awards at each reporting period and consequently, has resulted in additional expense in fiscal 2021 as a result of movement in our stock price during the fiscal year. Had equity-classified shares been utilized for the 2019 LTIP, there would not have been additional expense recognized related to the movement in our stock price. The increase in expense for fiscal 2020 was mainly due to an increase in stock compensation expense, primarily attributed to our long-term incentive plans achieving above target metrics for the plan years 2018 and 2019 as a result of fiscal year 2020 profit. Also contributing to the increase in expense for fiscal 2020 were additional costs pertaining to software licenses and support fees for cybersecurity and monitoring services. 
 
 Other Interest 
 
 Other interest decreased 26.1 million to 77.7 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 compared to October 31, 2020, and increased 13.7 million to 103.8 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 compared to October 31, 2019. Our assets that qualify for interest capitalization (inventory under development) are less than our debt, and therefore a portion of interest not covered by qualifying assets must be directly expensed. In fiscal 2021, the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in nonrecourse mortgages, inventory financing arrangements and total notes payable as compared to the prior fiscal year. In fiscal 2020, the increase was because we incurred more interest from our third-party inventory financing during fiscal 2020, and as a result of the financing transactions we completed in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 and the first quarter of fiscal 2020. 
 
 (Loss) Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 
 
 On July 30, 2021, the Company redeemed in full all 111.2 million aggregate principal amount of its 10.0 Senior Secured Notes due 2022. The aggregate purchase price for this redemption was 111.7 million, which included accrued and unpaid interest. This redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of 0.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2021, net of the write-off of unamortized financing costs and fees. The loss from the redemption is included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Loss on extinguishment of debt". 
 
 On August 2, 2021, the Company redeemed in full all 69.7 million aggregate principal amount of its 10.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2024. The aggregate purchase price for this redemption was 71.9 million, which included accrued and unpaid interest. This redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of 3.4 million for the year ended October 31, 2021, net of the write-off of unamortized discounts, financing costs and fees. The loss from the redemption is included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Loss on extinguishment of debt". 

39

Table of Contents 

On December 10, 2019, K. Hovnanian entered into a credit agreement providing for 81.5 million of senior secured 1.75 lien term loans in exchange for 163.0 million of senior unsecured term loans. On December 10, 2019, K. Hovnanian also issued 158.5 million of 10.0 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 in exchange for 23.2 million of 10.0 Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and 141.7 million 10.5 Senior Secured Notes due 2024. These transactions were accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-60, resulting in a net gain on extinguishment of debt of 9.2 million. During the year ended October 31, 2020, the Company repurchased in open market transactions 25.5 million aggregate principal amount of 10.0 Senior Secured Notes due 2022. The aggregate purchase price for these repurchases was 21.4 million, which included accrued and unpaid interest. These repurchases resulted in a gain on extinguishment of debt of 4.1 million for the year ended October 31, 2020, net of the write-off of unamortized financing costs and fees. The gains from the repurchases are included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt". 
 
 As a result of the financing transactions we consummated on October 31, 2019 and discussed under Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we incurred a 42.4 million loss on extinguishment of debt, a majority of which was non-cash. 
 
 Income from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 
 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures consists of our share of the earnings or losses of our joint ventures. Income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased 7.8 million for the year ended October 31, 2021 from income of 16.6 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 to income of 8.8 million and decreased 12.3 million for the year ended October 31, 2020 from income of 28.9 million for the year ended October 31, 2019 to income of 16.6 million. In both cases, the decreases were primarily due to the recognition of our share of income from certain of our joint ventures delivering fewer homes in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020 and in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. Also impacting the decrease in fiscal 2020 was income recorded in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 related to the return of capital from an unconsolidated joint venture for which we had previously written-off our investment. 
 
 Total Taxes 
 
 The total benefit for the year ended October 31, 2021 was 418.0 million. The benefit was primarily due to the reversal of a substantial portion of our valuation allowance previously recorded against our deferred tax assets. The total income tax expense of 4.5 million and 2.4 million for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, was primarily related to state tax expense from income generated in states where we do not have net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards to offset the current year income. In addition, the expense for the year ended October 31, 2020 was also related to state tax expense from the impact of a cancellation of debt income recorded for tax purposes but not for GAAP purposes, creating a permanent difference. 
 
 Deferred federal and state income tax assets ("DTAs") primarily represent the deferred tax benefits arising from NOL carryforwards and temporary differences between book and tax income which will be recognized in future years as an offset against future taxable income. If the combination of future years income (or loss) and the reversal of the timing differences results in a loss, such losses can be carried forward to future years. In accordance with ASC 740, we evaluate our DTAs quarterly to determine if valuation allowances are required. ASC 740 requires that companies assess whether valuation allowances should be established based on the consideration of all available evidence using a more likely than not standard. 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, we considered all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, our valuation allowance for our DTAs was appropriate in accordance with ASC 740. Based on our analysis, we determined that the current valuation allowance for deferred taxes of 101.6 million as of October 31, 2021, which partially reserves for our state DTAs, is appropriate. See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following summarizes our aggregate contractual commitments at October 31, 2021. 

Payments Due by Period (1) 

Less than 

More than 

(In thousands) 
 
 Total 

1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

5 years 

Long term debt (2)(3)(4) 

1,840,207 

117,737 

235,475 

1,205,440 

281,555 

Operating leases 

21,981 

9,000 

9,143 

3,838 

- 

Total 

1,862,188 

126,737 

244,618 

1,209,278 

281,555 

(1) 
 Total contractual obligations exclude our accrual for uncertain tax positions of 0.8 million recorded for financial reporting purposes as of October 31, 2021 because we were unable to make reasonable estimates as to the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. 

(2) 
 Represents our senior secured and unsecured term loan credit facilities, senior secured and senior notes and other notes payable and 585.4 million of related interest payments for the life of such debt. 

(3) 
 Does not include 125.1 million of nonrecourse mortgages secured by inventory. These mortgages have various maturities spread over the next two to three years and are paid off as homes are delivered. 

(4) 
 Does not include the mortgage warehouse lines of credit made under our Master Repurchase Agreements. See - Capital Resources and Liquidity. Also does not include our 125.0 million Secured Credit Facility under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

We had outstanding letters of credit and performance bonds of 9.3 million and 223.8 million, respectively, at October 31, 2021, related principally to our obligations to local governments to construct roads and other improvements in various developments. We do not believe that any such letters of credit or bonds are likely to be drawn upon. 

40

Table of Contents 

Inflation 
 
 The annual rate of inflation in the United States hit 6.2 in October 2021, the highest in more than three decades, as measured by the Consumer Price Index (CPI). Inflation has a long-term effect, because increasing costs of land, materials and labor result in increasing sale prices of our homes. In general, these 
 price increases have been commensurate with the general rate of inflation in our housing markets and have not had a significant adverse effect on the sale of our homes. A significant risk faced by the housing industry generally is that rising house construction costs, including land and interest costs, will substantially outpace increases in the income of potential purchasers and therefore limit our ability to raise home sale prices, which may result in lower gross margins. 
 
 Inflation has a lesser short-term effect, because we generally negotiate fixed price contracts with many, but not all, of our subcontractors and material suppliers for the construction of our homes. These prices usually are applicable for a specified number of residential buildings or for a time period of between three to twelve months. Construction costs for residential buildings represent approximately 53.7 of our homebuilding cost of sales for fiscal 2021. 
 
 Safe Harbor Statement 
 
 All statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not historical facts should be considered as Forward-Looking Statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include but are not limited to statements related to the Company's goals and expectations with respect to its financial results for future financial periods. Although we believe that our plans, intentions and expectations reflected in, or suggested by, such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such plans, intentions or expectations will be achieved. By their nature, forward-looking statements: (i) speak only as of the date they are made, (ii) are not guarantees of future performance or results and (iii) are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict or quantify. Therefore, actual results could differ materially and adversely from those forward-looking statements as result of a variety of factors. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: 

Changes in general and local economic, industry and business conditions and impacts of a significant homebuilding downturn; 

Shortages in, and price fluctuations of, raw materials and labor, including due to changes in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and duties on homebuilding materials and products and related trade disputes with and retaliatory measures taken by other countries; 

The outbreak and spread of COVID-19 and the measures that governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it; 

Adverse weather and other environmental conditions and natural disasters; 

The seasonality of the Company s business; 

The availability and cost of suitable land and improved lots and sufficient liquidity to invest in such land and lots; 

Reliance on, and the performance of, subcontractors; 

Regional and local economic factors, including dependency on certain sectors of the economy, and employment levels affecting home prices and sales activity in the markets where the Company builds homes; 

Increases in cancellations of agreements of sale; 

Fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of mortgage financing; 

Changes in tax laws affecting the after-tax costs of owning a home; 

Legal claims brought against us and not resolved in our favor, such as product liability litigation, warranty claims and claims made by mortgage investors; 

Levels of competition; 

Utility shortages and outages or rate fluctuations; 

Information technology failures and data security breaches; 

Negative publicity; 

High leverage and restrictions on the Company s operations and activities imposed by the agreements governing the Company s outstanding indebtedness; 

Availability and terms of financing to the Company; 

The Company s sources of liquidity; 

Changes in credit ratings; 

Government regulation, including regulations concerning development of land, the home building, sales and customer financing processes, tax laws and the environment; 

Operations through unconsolidated joint ventures with third parties; 

Significant influence of the Company s controlling stockholders; 

Availability of net operating loss carryforwards; and 

Loss of key management personnel or failure to attract qualified personnel. 

Certain risks, uncertainties and other factors are described in detail in Part I, Item 1 Business and Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as updated by our subsequent filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

41

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 A primary market risk facing us is interest rate risk on our long term debt, including debt instruments at variable interest rates. In connection with our mortgage operations, mortgage loans held for sale and the associated mortgage warehouse lines of credit under our Master Repurchase Agreements are subject to interest rate risk; however, such obligations reprice frequently and are short-term in duration. In addition, we hedge the interest rate risk on mortgage loans by obtaining forward commitments from private investors. Accordingly, the interest rate risk from mortgage loans is not material. We do not use financial instruments to hedge interest rate risk except with respect to mortgage loans. We are also subject to foreign currency risk but we do not believe this risk is material. The following tables set forth as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, our long-term debt obligations, principal cash flows by scheduled maturity, weighted-average interest rates and estimated fair value FV ). 
 
 Long-Term Debt Tables 

Long-Term Debt as of October 31, 2021 by Fiscal Year of Debt Maturity 

FV at 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

10/31/2021 

Long term debt(1)(2): 

Fixed rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

1,043,683 

211,169 

1,254,852 

1,266,892 

Weighted-average interest rate 

- 

- 

- 

- 

9.88 

6.93 

9.38 

(1) Does not include the mortgage warehouse lines of credit made under our Master Repurchase Agreements. Also does not include our 125.0 million Secured Credit Facility under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of October 31, 2021. 

(2) Does not include 125.1 million of nonrecourse mortgages secured by inventory. These mortgages have various maturities spread over the next two to three years and are paid off as homes are delivered. 

Long-Term Debt as of October 31, 2020 by Fiscal Year of Debt Maturity 

FV at 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total 

10/31/2020 

Long term debt(1)(2): 

Fixed rate 

- 

111,214 

- 

69,683 

- 

1,254,852 

1,435,749 

1,241,570 

Weighted-average interest rate 

- 

10.00 

- 

10.50 

- 

9.38 

9.48 

(1) Does not include the mortgage warehouse lines of credit made under our Master Repurchase Agreements. Also does not include our 125.0 million Secured Credit Facility under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of October 31, 2020. 

(2) Does not include 135.1 million of nonrecourse mortgages secured by inventory. These mortgages have various maturities spread over the next two to three years and are paid off as homes are delivered. 

42

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Financial statements of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are set forth herein beginning on page 56. 
 
 ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2021. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to accomplish their objectives. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended October 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2021. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report below. 
 
 ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDITIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 None. 

43

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information called for by Item 10, except as set forth in this Item 10, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on March 29, 2022, which will involve the election of directors. 
 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 Our executive officers are listed below and brief summaries of their business experience and certain other information with respect to them are set forth following the table. Each executive officer holds such office for a one-year term. 

Year 

Started 

With 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Company 

Ara K. Hovnanian 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of the Company 
 
 1979 

J. Larry Sorsby 
 
 66 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company 
 
 1988 

Brad G. O Connor 
 
 51 
 
 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 2004 

Mr. Hovnanian has been Chief Executive Officer since July 1997 after being appointed President in 1988 and Executive Vice President in 1983. Mr. Hovnanian joined the Company in 1979 and has been a Director of the Company since 1981 and was Vice Chairman from 1998 through November 2009. In November 2009, he was elected Chairman of the Board following the death of Kevork S. Hovnanian, the chairman and founder of the Company and the father of Mr. Hovnanian. 
 
 Mr. Sorsby has been Chief Financial Officer of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. since 1996, and Executive Vice President since November 2000. Mr. Sorsby was also Senior Vice President from March 1991 to November 2000 and was elected as a Director of the Company in 1997. He is Chairman of the Board of Visitors for Urology at The Children s Hospital of Philadelphia CHOP and also serves on the Foundation Board of Overseers at CHOP. 
 
 Mr. O Connor joined the Company in April 2004 as Vice President and Associate Corporate Controller. In December 2007, he was promoted to Vice President, Corporate Controller and in May 2011, he also became Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer. In April 2020, Mr. O'Connor was promoted to Senior Vice President and Treasurer and continues in his role of Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. O Connor was the Corporate Controller for Amershem Biosciences, and prior to that a Senior Manager in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 
 Code of Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines 
 
 In more than 60 years of doing business, we have been committed to enhancing our shareholders investment through conduct that is in accordance with the highest levels of integrity. Our Code of Ethics is a set of guidelines and policies that govern broad principles of ethical conduct and integrity embraced by our Company. Our Code of Ethics applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, chief accounting officer, and all other associates of our Company, including our directors and other officers. 
 
 We also remain committed to fostering sound corporate governance principles. The Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines assist the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities related to corporate governance conduct. These guidelines serve as a framework, addressing the function, structure, and operations of the Board, for purposes of promoting consistency of the Board s role in overseeing the work of management. 
 
 We have posted our Code of Ethics on our web site at www.khov.com under Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. We have also posted our Corporate Governance Guidelines on our web site at www.khov.com under Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. A printed copy of the Code of Ethics and Guidelines is also available to the public at no charge by writing to: Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Attn: Human Resources Department, 90 Matawan Road, Fifth Floor, Matawan, NJ 07747 or calling corporate headquarters at 732-747-7800. We will post amendments to or waivers from our Code of Ethics that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE on our web site at www.khov.com under Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. 
 
 Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee Charters 
 
 We have adopted charters that apply to the Company s Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. We have posted the text of these charters on our web site at www.khov.com under Investor Relations/Corporate Governance. A printed copy of each charter is available at no charge to any shareholder who requests it by writing to: Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Attn: Human Resources Department, 90 Matawan Road, Fifth Floor, Matawan, NJ 07747 or calling corporate headquarters at 732-747-7800. 

44

Table of Contents 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information called for by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on March 29, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information called for by Item 12, is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on March 29, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information called for by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on March 29, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information called for by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A in connection with our annual meeting of shareholders to be held on March 29, 2022. 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Page 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 53 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 54 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Deficit for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 58 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 61 

No schedules have been prepared because the required information of such schedules is not present, is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the required information is included in the financial statements and notes thereto. 

45

Table of Contents 

Exhibits: 

3(a) 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report of the Registrant on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2019). 

3(b) 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 3, 2018). 

4(a) 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report of the Registrant on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2019). 

4(b) 
 Specimen Class B Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report of the Registrant on Form 8-K filed on March 29, 2019). 

4(c) 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the 7.625 Series A Preferred Stock of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., dated July 12, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on July 13, 2005). 

4(d) 
 Certificate of Designations of the Series B Junior Preferred Stock of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., dated August 14, 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2008 of the Registrant). 

4(e) 
 Rights Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2008, between Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and National City Bank, as Rights Agent, which includes the Form of Certificate of Designation as Exhibit A, Form of Right Certificate as Exhibit B and the Summary of Rights as Exhibit C (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form 8-A of the Registrant filed August 14, 2008). 

4(f) 
 Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement, dated as of January 11, 2018, between Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A (as successor to National City Bank), as Rights Agent, which includes the amended and restated Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit 1 and the amended and restated Summary of Rights as Exhibit 2 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 11, 2018). 

4(g) 
 Amendment No. 2 to Rights Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2021, between Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A (as successor to National City Bank), as Rights Agent, which includes the amended and restated Form of Rights Certificate as Exhibit 1 and the amended and restated Summary of Rights as Exhibit 2 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed January 19, 2021). 

4(h) 
 Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2018, relating to the 13.5 Senior Notes due 2026 and 5.0 Senior Notes due 2040, by and among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, including the forms of 13.5 Senior Notes due 2026 and 5.0 Senior Notes due 2040 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed February 2, 2018). 

4(i) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 30, 2018, relating to the 13.5 Senior Notes due 2026 and 5.0 Senior Notes due 2040, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed May 30, 2018). 

4(j) 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 13.5 Senior Notes due 2026 and 5.0 Senior Notes due 2040, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(k) 
 Indenture, dated as of November 5, 2014, relating to the 8.000 Senior Notes due 2027, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, including the form of 8.000 Senior Notes (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed November 5, 2014). 

4(l) 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 17, 2019, relating to the 8.000 Senior Notes due 2027, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(m) 
 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 8.000 Senior Notes due 2027, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(n) 
 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2019, relating to 8.000 Senior Notes due 2027, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed November 5, 2019). 

4(o) 
 Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, including the form of 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(p) 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 27, 2019, relating to the 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 3, 2019). 

46

Table of Contents 

4(q) 
 Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, including the form of 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(r) 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 27, 2019, relating to the 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 3, 2019). 

4(s) 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2019, relating to the 10.500 Senior Secured Notes due 2024, by and among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 6, 2019). 

4(t) 
 Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, including the form of 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

4(u) 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 27, 2019, relating to the 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 3, 2019). 

4(v) 
 Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2019, relating to the 10.000 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent, including the form of 10.000 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

4(w) 
 Description of the Registrant s securities.(Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019 of the Registrant). 

4(x) 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2020, relating to the additional 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee and Collateral Agent, including the form of the additional 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant field on March 26, 2020). 

10(a) 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, by and among K. Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(b) 
 First Amendment, dated as of November 27, 2019, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, among Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., K. Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 3, 2019). 

10(c) 
 212,500,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2018, by and among K. Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed February 2, 2018). 

10(d) 
 First Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2018, to the 212,500,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2018, among Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., K. Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed May 14, 2018). 

10(e) 
 Second Amendment, dated as of October 31, 2019, to the 212,500,000 Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2018, among Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., K. Hovnanian Enterprises Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2019 of the Registrant). 

10(f) 
 Third Amended and Restated Mortgage Tax Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Mortgage Tax Collateral Agent, Notes Collateral Agent and Junior Joint Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(g) 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2019, relating to the 1.75 Lien Term Loans, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the lenders party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

47

Table of Contents 

10(h) 
 Form of 2019 Long-Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2019 of the Registrant). 

10(i) 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2012) for Ara K. Hovnanian (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2012 the Registrant). 

10(j) 
 Amended and Restated 2008 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of the Registrant filed on February 1, 2010). 

10(k) 
 Management Agreement dated August 12, 1983, for the management of properties by K. Hovnanian Investment Properties, Inc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Registration Statement (No. 2-85198) on Form S-1 of the Registrant). 

10(l) 
 Management Agreement dated December 15, 1985, for the management of properties by K. Hovnanian Investment Properties, Inc (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2003 of the Registrant). 

10(m) 
 Executive Deferred Compensation Plan as amended and restated on January 1, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(n) 
 Death and Disability Agreement between the Registrant and Ara K. Hovnanian, dated February 2, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2006 of the Registrant). 

10(o) 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement (Class B shares) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2008 of the Registrant). 

10(p) 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2008 of the Registrant). 

10(q) 
 Form of 2018 Long-Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(r) 
 Form of 2016 Long Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(s) 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Protection Agreement entered into with Brad G. O Connor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2012 of the Registrant). 

10(t) 
 Form of Amendment to Outstanding Stock Option Grants (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012 of the Registrant.). 

10(u) 
 Form of Amendment to 2011 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Ara K. Hovnanian (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012 of the Registrant.). 

10(v) 
 Form of Amendment to 2011 Incentive Stock Option Agreement for J. Larry Sorsby (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2012 of the Registrant.). 

10(w) 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (2012) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2012 of the Registrant). 

10(x) 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (2012) for Directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2012 of the Registrant). 

10(y) 
 Form of Letter Agreement entered into with Lucian Theon Smith III (Incorporated by reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2017 of the Registrant). 

10(z) 
 Amendment to Form of Letter Agreement entered into with Lucian Theon Smith III (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(aa) 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement (2014 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014 of the Registrant). 

10(bb) 
 Form of Restricted Share Unit Agreement (2014 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014 of the Registrant). 

10(cc) 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement for Directors (2014 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2014 of the Registrant). 

10(dd) 
 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on February 4, 2019). 

10(ee) 
 Form of 2020 Long-Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(ff) 
 Form of Letter Agreement Relating to Change in Control Severance Protection Agreement entered into with Brad G. O Connor (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2015 of the Registrant). 

10(gg) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(hh) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class B (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(ii) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Gross Margin Performance Vesting) Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(jj) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Gross Margin Performance Vesting) Class B (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(kk) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Debt Reduction Performance Vesting) Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(ll) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Debt Reduction Performance Vesting) Class B (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(mm) 
 Premium-Priced Incentive Stock Option Agreement Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(nn) 
 Premium-Priced Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement Class B (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

48

Table of Contents 

10(oo) 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(pp) 
 Restricted Share Unit Agreement Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(qq) 
 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement Class A (2016 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2016 of the Registrant). 

10(rr) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Pre-tax Profit performance Vesting) Class A (2017 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017 of the Registrant). 

10(ss) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Pre-tax Profit performance Vesting) Class B (2017 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017 of the Registrant). 

10(tt) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Gross Margin Improvement Performance Vesting) Class A (2017 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017 of the Registrant). 

10(uu) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement (Gross Margin Improvement Performance Vesting) Class B (2017 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017 of the Registrant). 

10(vv) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class A (Pre-tax Profit Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(ww) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class B (Pre-tax Profit Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(xx) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class A (Stock Multiplier Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(yy) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class B (Stock Multiplier Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(zz) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class A (Community Count Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(aaa) 
 Market Share Unit Agreement Class B (Community Count Performance Vesting) (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(bbb) 
 Premium-Priced Incentive Stock Option Agreement Class A (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(ccc) 
 Premium-Priced Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Class B (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(ddd) 
 Incentive Stock Option Agreement Class A (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(eee) 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement Class B (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(fff) 
 Director Stock Option Agreement Class A (2018 grants and thereafter) (Incorporated by reference to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2018 of the Registrant). 

10(ggg) 
 Retirement Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2020, between Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and Lucian T. Smith III (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended April 30, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(hhh) 
 Amended and Restated 2020 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on March 30, 2021). 

10(iii) 
 Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, made by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(jjj) 
 Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, given by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(kkk) 
 Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility, made by K. HOV IP II, Inc. in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(lll) 
 1.125 Lien Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026, made by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(mmm) 
 1.125 Lien Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026, given by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(nnn) 
 1.125 Lien Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, made by K. HOV IP II, Inc. in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(ooo) 
 1.25 Lien Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, made by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(ppp) 
 1.25 Lien Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, given by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent and the Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(qqq) 
 1.25 Lien Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, by K. HOV IP II, Inc. in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

49

Table of Contents 

10(rrr) 
 1.5 Lien Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026, made by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and the Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(sss) 
 1.5 Lien Pledge Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, relating to the 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026, given by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto to Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and the Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(ttt) 
 1.5 Lien Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, made by K. HOV IP II, Inc. in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(uuu) 
 1.75 Lien Security Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2019, relating to the 10.000 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 and the 1.75 Lien Term Loans, made by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the 1.75 Lien Pari Passu Collateral Agent, the Joint First Lien Collateral Agent, Administrative Agent and 1.75 Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

10(vvv) 
 1.75 Lien Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2019, relating to the 10.000 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 and the 1.75 Lien Term Loans, given by K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and the other guarantors party thereto in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as the 1.75 Lien Pari Passu Collateral Agent and the Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

10(www) 
 1.75 Lien Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2019, made by K. HOV IP II, Inc. in favor of Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.75 Lien Pari Passu Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

10(xxx) 
 First Lien Collateral Agency Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent, 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(yyy) 
 First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2019, among K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., the other guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent, 1.125 Lien Trustee, 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.25 Lien Trustee, 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.5 Lien Trustee, 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed on October 31, 2019). 

10(zzz) 
 Joinder No. 1, dated as of December 10, 2019, to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and First Lien Collateral Agency Agreement, each dated as of October 31, 2019, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.75 Lien Trustee and 1.75 Pari Passu Lien Collateral Agent, and acknowledged by Wilmington Trust, National Association, as 1.75 Lien Collateral Agent, with acknowledged receipt by Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Senior Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, 1.125 Lien Trustee, 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.25 Lien Trustee, 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.5 Lien Trustee, 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

10(aaaa) 
 Joinder No. 2, dated as of December 10, 2019, to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and First Lien Collateral Agency Agreement, each dated as of October 31, 2019, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Administrative Agent and 1.75 Pari Passu Lien Collateral Agent, with acknowledged receipt by the Senior Credit Agreement Administrative Agent, 1.125 Lien Trustee, 1.125 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.25 Lien Trustee, 1.25 Lien Collateral Agent, 1.5 Lien Trustee, 1.5 Lien Collateral Agent and Joint First Lien Collateral Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Registrant filed December 11, 2019). 

10(bbbb) 
 Form of 2020 Performance Share Unit Agreement (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(cccc) 
 Form of 2020 Performance Share Unit Agreement (Class B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(dddd) 
 Form of 2020 Associate Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(eeee) 
 Form of 2020 Associate Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Class B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(ffff) 
 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2020 of the Registrant). 

10(gggg) 
 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Agreement - EBIT (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(hhhh) 
 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Agreement - EBIT (Class B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(iiii) 
 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Agreement - Relative EBIT ROI (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(jjjj) 
 Form of 2021 Performance Share Unit Agreement - Relative EBIT ROI (Class B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(kkkk) 
 Form of Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(llll) 
 Form of 2021 Long-Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Class A) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

10(mmmm) 
 Form of 2021 Long-Term Incentive Program Award Agreement (Class B) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibits to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Registrant for the quarter ended July 31, 2021 of the Registrant). 

50

Table of Contents 

21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23(a) 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

23(b) 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

23(c) 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 

31(a) 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31(b) 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32(a) 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32(b) 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

99(a) 
 Financial Statements of GTIS HOV Holdings V, L.L.C. 

99(b) 
 Financial Statements of GTIS HOV Holdings VI, L.L.C. 

101 
 The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021, formatted in inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Deficit for years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 Cover page from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021, formatted in Inline XBRL (and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the Company in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs at the date they were made or at any other time. 
 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 

51

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ ARA K. HOVNANIAN 

Ara K. Hovnanian 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President 

January 4, 2022 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant on January 4, 2022, and in the capacities indicated. 

/s/ ARA K. HOVNANIAN 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director 

Ara K. Hovnanian 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ J. LARRY SORSBY 
 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

J. Larry Sorsby 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ BRAD G. O CONNOR 
 
 Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer 

Brad G. O Connor 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ EDWARD A. KANGAS 
 
 Chairman of Audit Committee and Director 

Edward A. Kangas 

/s/ JOSEPH A. MARENGI 
 
 Chairman of Compensation Committee and Director 

Joseph A. Marengi 

/s/ VINCENT PAGANO JR. 
 
 Chairman of Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and Director 

Vincent Pagano Jr. 

52

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial Statements: 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 54 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at October 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 57 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity Deficit for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 58 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 
 
 59 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 61 

No schedules have been prepared because the required information of such schedules is not present, is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the required information is included in the financial statements and notes thereto. 

53

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Hovnanian Enterprises Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hovnanian Enterprises Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, equity deficit, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of October 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

54

Table of Contents 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Income Taxes Realizability of Deferred Tax Assets Refer to Note 11 in the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company recognizes deferred income taxes for deferred tax benefits arising from NOL carryforwards and temporary differences between book and tax income which will be recognized in future years as an offset against future taxable income. A valuation allowance is provided to offset deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Future realization of deferred tax assets depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character. Sources of taxable income include future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, taxable income in prior carryback years if permitted under the tax law, and tax planning strategies. Management has determined that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to realize its deferred tax assets except for a portion related to state deferred tax assets. The Company s deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2021, were 425.7 million. 
 
 We identified management s determination that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to realize deferred tax assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments and estimates management makes related to taxable income. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our income tax specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates of taxable income. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the determination that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to realize deferred tax assets included the following, among others: 

We tested the effectiveness of controls over deferred tax assets, including management s controls over the estimates of taxable income and the determination of whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the methods, assumptions, and judgments used by management to determine whether a valuation allowance was necessary. 

With the assistance of our income tax specialists, we evaluated whether the sources of management s estimated taxable income were of the appropriate character and sufficient to utilize the deferred tax assets under the relevant tax law. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately estimate taxable income by comparing actual results to management s historical estimates and evaluating whether there have been any changes that would affect management s ability to continue accurately estimating taxable income. 

We tested the reasonableness of management s estimates of taxable income by comparing the estimates to: 

o 
 Internal budgets. 

o 
 Historical taxable income, as adjusted for nonrecurring items. 

o 
 Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 

o 
 Forecasted information included in Company press releases as well as in analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies. 

o 
 Management s history of carrying out its stated plans and its ability to carry out its plans considering contractual commitments, available financing, or debt covenants. 

We evaluated whether the estimates of future taxable income were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 January 4, 2022 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2009. 

55

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

October 31, October 31, 
 2021 2020 
 
 ASSETS 
 Homebuilding: 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 Inventories: 
 Sold and unsold homes and lots under development 
 Land and land options held for future development or sale 
 Consolidated inventory not owned 
 Total inventories 
 Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Receivables, deposits and notes, net 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 Total homebuilding 
 
 Financial services 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Homebuilding: 
 Nonrecourse mortgages secured by inventory, net of debt issuance costs 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Customers deposits 
 Liabilities from inventory not owned, net of debt issuance costs 
 Senior notes and credit facilities (net of discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs) 
 Accrued interest 
 Total homebuilding 
 
 Financial services 
 Income taxes payable 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Equity: 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. stockholders' equity deficit: 
 Preferred stock, 0.01 par value - authorized 100,000 shares; issued and outstanding 5,600 shares with a liquidation preference of 140,000 at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020 
 Common stock, Class A, 0.01 par value - authorized 16,000,000 shares; issued 6,066,164 shares at October 31, 2021 and 5,990,310 shares at October 31, 2020 
 Common stock, Class B, 0.01 par value (convertible to Class A at time of sale) - authorized 2,400,000 shares; issued 686,876 shares at October 31, 2021 and 649,886 shares at October 31, 2020 
 Paid in capital - common stock 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Treasury stock - at cost 470,430 shares of Class A common stock and 27,669 shares of Class B common stock at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020 
 Total Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. stockholders equity (deficit) 
 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 
 Total equity (deficit) 
 Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements . 

56

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 
 October 31, October 31, October 31, 
 (In thousands except per share data) 2021 2020 2019 
 Revenues: 
 Homebuilding: 
 Sale of homes 
 Land sales and other revenues 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Total revenues 
 
 Expenses: 
 Homebuilding: 
 Cost of sales, excluding interest 
 Cost of sales interest 
 Inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs 
 Total cost of sales 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total homebuilding expenses 
 
 Financial services 
 Corporate general and administrative 
 Other interest 
 Other operations 
 Total expenses 
 (Loss) gain on extinguishment of debt 
 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 State and federal income tax (benefit) provision: 
 State 
 Federal 
 Total income taxes 
 Net income (loss) 
 
 Per share data: 
 Basic: 
 Net income (loss) per common share 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 
 Assuming dilution: 
 Net income (loss) per common share 
 Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 

See notes to consolidated financial statements . 

57

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY DEFICIT 

A Common Stock B Common Stock Preferred Stock 
 (Dollars In thousands) Shares Shares Shares 
 Issued and Issued and Issued and Paid-In Accumulated Treasury Noncontrolling 
 Outstanding Amount Outstanding Amount Outstanding Amount Capital Deficit Stock Interest Total 
 Balance, October 31, 2018 
 Stock options, amortization and issuances 
 Restricted stock amortization, issuances and forfeitures 
 Issuance of shares for debt 
 Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock 
 Changes in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 
 Net (loss) 
 Balance, October 31, 2019 
 Stock options, amortization and issuances 
 Restricted stock amortization, issuances and forfeitures 
 Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock 
 Changes in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 
 Net income 
 Balance, October 31, 2020 
 Stock options, amortization and issuances 
 Restricted stock amortization, issuances and forfeitures 
 Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock 
 Changes in noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 
 Net income 
 Balance, October 31, 2021 

See notes to consolidated financial statements . 

58

Table of Contents 

HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 October 31, October 31, October 31, 
 2021 2020 2019 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income (loss) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 
 Depreciation 
 Compensation from stock options and awards 
 Amortization of bond discounts, premiums and deferred financing costs 
 Loss (gain) on sale and retirement of property and assets 
 Income from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint venture 
 Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt 
 Noncontrolling interest in consolidated joint ventures 
 Inventory impairment and land option write-offs 
 (Increase) decrease in assets: 
 Origination of mortgage loans 
 Sale of mortgage loans 
 Receivables, prepaids, deposits and other assets 
 Inventories 
 Deferred tax assets 
 Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 
 State income tax payable 
 Customers deposits 
 Accounts payable, accrued interest and other accrued liabilities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Proceeds from sale of property and assets 
 Purchase of property, equipment, and other fixed assets and acquisitions 
 Investment in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Distributions of capital from unconsolidated joint ventures 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Proceeds from mortgages and notes 
 Payments related to mortgages and notes 
 Proceeds from model sale leaseback financing programs 
 Payments related to model sale leaseback financing programs 
 Proceeds from land bank financing programs 
 Payments related to land bank financing programs 
 Proceeds from partner distributions to consolidated joint venture 
 Payments for partner distributions to consolidated joint venture 
 Net proceeds (payments) related to mortgage warehouse lines of credit 
 Net borrowings from senior secured credit facility 
 Payments related to senior secured credit facility 
 Proceeds from senior secured notes, net of discount 
 Payments related to senior secured notes, net of discount 
 Deferred financing costs from land banking financing programs and note issuances 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents balance, beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents balance, end of period 
 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flows: 
 Cash paid during the period for: 
 Interest, net of capitalized interest (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 Income taxes 
 
 Reconciliation of Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Homebuilding: Cash and cash equivalents 
 Homebuilding: Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 Financial Services: Cash and cash equivalents, included in Financial services assets 
 Financial Services: Restricted cash and cash equivalents, included in Financial services assets 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

59

Table of Contents 

million reduction in our investment in the joint ventures and a corresponding increase to inventory. 
 
 In accordance with the adoption of ASU 2016 - 02, in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we recorded a beginning right-of-use asset of million and a right-of-use lease liability of million. 
 
 In the first quarter of fiscal 2020, K. Hovnanian, the issuer of our notes, completed a debt for debt exchange whereby it issued million aggregate principal amount of 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 in exchange for million in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and million in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding Senior Secured Notes due 2024. K. Hovnanian also exchanged million in aggregate principal amount of its unsecured term loans for million in aggregate principal amount of 1.75 Lien secured term loans made under a new Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028. See Note 9 for further information. 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2020, K. Hovnanian, the issuer of the notes, completed a debt for debt exchange whereby it issued million aggregate principal amount of additional 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026 in exchange for million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2022 Notes. See Note 9 for further information. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed a partial debt for debt exchange of existing Senior Secured Notes due 2022 and Senior Secured Notes due 2024 for a combination of cash and newly issued 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026 and 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026. See Note 9 for further information. 

controlling interest in the consolidated joint venture and therefore HEI is required to consolidate the joint venture within its Consolidated Financial Statements. The that we do not own is accounted for as noncontrolling interest. Another one of HEI's subsidiaries owns an controlling interest in a consolidated joint venture, and therefore HEI is required to consolidate the joint venture within its Consolidated Financial Statements. The that the Company does not own is accounted for as noncontrolling interest. 

reportable segments defined as Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, Southeast, Southwest and West. Homebuilding operations comprise the substantial part of our business, representing approximately of consolidated revenues for each of the years ended October 31, 2021 , 2020 and 2019. HEI is a Delaware corporation, which through its subsidiaries, was building and selling homes in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia, including in consolidated active selling communities at October 31, 2021 . Our homebuilding subsidiaries offer a wide variety of homes that are designed to appeal to first -time buyers, first and second -time move-up buyers, luxury buyers, active lifestyle buyers and empty nesters. Our financial services operations, which are a reportable segment, provide mortgage banking and title services to the homebuilding operations customers. Our financial services subsidiaries do not typically retain or service the mortgages that they originate but rather sell the mortgages and related servicing rights to investors. Corporate primarily includes the operations of our corporate office whose primary purpose is to provide executive services, accounting, information services, human resources, management reporting, training, cash management, internal audit, risk management, and administration of process redesign, quality, and safety. 
 
 See Note 10 Operating and Reporting Segments for further disclosure of our reportable segments. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Cash represents cash deposited in checking accounts. Cash equivalents include certificates of deposit, Treasury bills and government money market funds with maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. Our cash balances are held at a few financial institutions and may, at times, exceed insurable amounts. We believe we help to mitigate this risk by depositing our cash in major financial institutions. At October 31, 2021 and 2020 , million and million, respectively, of the total cash and cash equivalents was in cash equivalents and restricted cash equivalents, the book value of which approximates fair value. 

previously mothballed communities and we re-activated previously mothballed communities and portions of previously mothballed communities. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, the net book value associated with our and total mothballed communities was million and million, respectively, which was net of impairment charges recorded in prior periods of million and million, respectively. We sell and lease back certain of our model homes with the right to participate in the potential profit when each home is sold to a third party at the end of the respective lease. As a result of our continued involvement, for accounting purposes in accordance with ASC 606 - 10 - 55 - 68, these sale and leaseback transactions are considered a financing rather than a sale. Therefore, for purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheets, at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , inventory of million and million, respectively, was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of million and million, respectively, recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned for the amount of net cash received from the transactions. We have land banking arrangements, whereby we sell our land parcels to the land banker and they provide us an option to purchase back finished lots on a predetermined schedule. Because of our options to repurchase these parcels, for accounting purposes, in accordance with ASC 606 - 10 - 55 - 70, these transactions are considered a financing rather than a sale. For purposes of our Consolidated Balance Sheets, at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , inventory of million and million, respectively, was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of million and million, respectively, recorded to Liabilities from inventory not owned for the amount of net cash received from the transactions. The recoverability of inventories and other long-lived assets is assessed in accordance with the provisions of ASC 360 - 10, Property, Plant and Equipment Overall. ASC 360 - 10 requires long-lived assets, including inventories, held for development to be evaluated for impairment based on undiscounted future cash flows of the assets at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows. As such, we evaluate inventories for impairment at the individual community level, the lowest level of discrete cash flows that we measure. We evaluate inventories of communities under development and held for future development for impairment when indicators of potential impairment are present. Indicators of impairment include, but are not limited to, decreases in local housing market values, decreases in gross margins or sales absorption rates, decreases in net sales prices (base sales price net of sales incentives), or actual or projected operating or cash flow losses. The assessment of communities for indication of impairment is performed quarterly. As part of this process, we prepare detailed budgets for all of our communities at least semi-annually and identify those communities with a projected operating loss. For those communities with projected losses, we estimate the remaining undiscounted future cash flows and compare those to the carrying value of the community, to determine if the carrying value of the asset is recoverable. The projected operating profits, losses or cash flows of each community can be significantly impacted by our estimates of the following: 
 future base selling prices; 
 
 future home sales incentives; 
 
 future home construction and land development costs; and 
 
 future sales absorption pace and cancellation rates. 
 
 These estimates are dependent upon specific market conditions for each community. While we consider available information to determine what we believe to be our best estimates as of the end of a quarterly reporting period, these estimates are subject to change in future reporting periods as facts and circumstances change. Local market-specific conditions that may impact our estimates for a community include: 
 the intensity of competition within a market, including available home sales prices and home sales incentives offered by our competitors; 
 
 the current sales absorption pace for both our communities and competitor communities; 
 
 community-specific attributes, such as location, availability of lots in the market, desirability and uniqueness of our community, and the size and style of homes currently being offered; 
 
 potential for alternative product offerings to respond to local market conditions; 
 
 changes by management in the sales strategy of the community; 
 
 current local market economic and demographic conditions and related trends and forecasts; and 
 
 existing home inventory supplies, including foreclosures and short sales. 
 These and other local market-specific conditions that may be present are considered by management in preparing projection assumptions for each community. The sales objectives can differ between our communities, even within a given market. For example, facts and circumstances in a given community may lead us to price our homes with the objective of yielding a higher sales absorption pace, while facts and circumstances in another community may lead us to price our homes to minimize deterioration in our gross margins, although it may result in a slower sales absorption pace. In addition, the key assumptions included in our estimate of future undiscounted cash flows may be interrelated. For example, a decrease in estimated base sales price or an increase in homes sales incentives may result in a corresponding increase in sales absorption pace. Additionally, a decrease in the average sales price of homes to be sold and closed in future reporting periods for one community that has not been generating what management believes to be an adequate sales absorption pace may impact the estimated cash flow assumptions of a nearby community. Changes in our key assumptions, including estimated construction and development costs, absorption pace and selling strategies, could materially impact future cash flow and fair value estimates. Due to the number of possible scenarios that would result from various changes in these factors, we do not believe it is possible to develop a sensitivity analysis with a level of precision that would be meaningful to an investor. If the undiscounted cash flows are more than the carrying value of the community, then the carrying amount is recoverable, and no impairment adjustment is required. However, if the undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, then the community is deemed impaired and is written down to its fair value. We determine the estimated fair value of each community by determining the present value of its estimated future cash flows at a discount rate commensurate with the risk of the respective community, or in limited circumstances, prices for land in recent comparable sale transactions, market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land (other than in a forced liquidation sale), and recent bona fide offers received from outside third parties. Our discount rates used for all impairments recorded from October 31, 2019 to October 31, 2021 ranged from to . The estimated future cash flow assumptions are virtually the same for both our recoverability and fair value assessments. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining estimated cash flows or fair value, including discount rates, decrease or differ from current estimates in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairments related to current and future communities. The impairment of a community is allocated to each lot on a relative fair value basis. From time to time, we write off deposits and approval, engineering and capitalized interest costs when we determine that it is no longer probable that we will exercise options to buy land in specific locations or when we redesign communities and/or abandon certain engineering costs. In deciding not to exercise a land option, we take into consideration changes in market conditions, the timing of required land takedowns, the willingness of land sellers to modify terms of the land option contract (including timing of land takedowns), and the availability and best use of our capital, among other factors. The write-off is recorded in the period it is deemed not probable that the optioned property will be acquired. In certain instances, we have been able to recover deposits and other pre-acquisition costs that were previously written off. These recoveries have not been significant in comparison to the total costs written off. Inventories held for sale are land parcels ready for sale in their current condition, where we have decided not to build homes but are instead actively marketing for sale. These land parcels represented million of our total inventories at October 31, 2020 and are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. There were inventories held for sale at October 31, 2021 . In determining fair value for land held for sale, management considers, among other things, prices for land in recent comparable sale transactions, market analysis studies, which include the estimated price a willing buyer would pay for the land (other than in a forced liquidation sale) and recent bona fide offers received from outside third parties. 

million aggregate for construction defect and warranty claims. For bodily injury claims, our deductible per occurrence in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was million, up to a million limit. Our aggregate retention for construction defect, warranty and bodily injury claims was million for fiscal 2021 and 2020 . We do not have a deductible on our worker's compensation insurance. Reserves for estimated losses for construction defects, warranty and bodily injury claims have been established using the assistance of a third -party actuary. We engage a third -party actuary that uses our historical warranty and construction defect data to assist our management in estimating our unpaid claims, claim adjustment expenses and incurred but not reported claims reserves for the risks that we are assuming under the general liability and construction defect programs. The estimates include provisions for inflation, claims handling and legal fees. These estimates are subject to a high degree of variability due to uncertainties such as trends in construction defect claims relative to our markets and the types of products we build, claim settlement patterns, insurance industry practices and legal interpretations, among others. Because of the high degree of judgment required in determining these estimated liability amounts, actual future costs could differ significantly from our currently estimated amounts. In addition, we establish a warranty accrual for lower cost-related issues to cover home repairs, community amenities and land development infrastructure that are not covered under our general liability and construction defect policy. We accrue an estimate for these warranty costs as part of cost of sales at the time each home is closed and title and possession have been transferred to the homebuyer. See Note 16 for additional information on the amount of warranty costs recognized in cost of goods sold and administrative expenses. 

Plus interest incurred(1) 
 Less cost of sales interest expensed 
 Less other interest expensed(2)(3) 
 Less interest contributed to unconsolidated joint venture(4) 
 Plus interest acquired from unconsolidated joint venture(5) 
 Interest capitalized at end of year(6) 

1 Data does not include interest incurred by our mortgage and finance subsidiaries. 
 
 2 Other interest expensed includes interest that does not qualify for interest capitalization because our assets that qualify for interest capitalization (inventory under development) do not exceed our debt, which amounted to million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Other interest also includes interest on completed homes, land in planning and fully developed lots without homes under construction, which does not qualify for capitalization, and therefore, is expensed. This component of other interest was million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. 
 
 3 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest, is the sum of other interest expensed, as defined above, and interest paid by our mortgage and finance subsidiaries adjusted for the change in accrued interest on notes payable, which is calculated as follows: 

Interest paid by our mortgage and finance subsidiaries 
 Decrease (increase) in accrued interest 
 Cash paid for interest, net of capitalized interest 

4 Represents capitalized interest which was included as part of the assets contributed to joint ventures, as discussed in Note 20. There was no impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a result of these transactions. 
 
 5 Represents capitalized interest which was included as part of the assets purchased from joint ventures, as discussed in Note 20. There was no impact to the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a result of these transactions. 
 
 6 Capitalized interest amounts are shown gross before allocating any portion of impairments, if any, to capitalized interest. 

or less. In determining whether or not we must consolidate joint ventures where we are the managing member of the joint venture, we assess whether the other partners have specific rights to overcome the presumption of control by us as the manager of the joint venture. In most cases, the presumption is overcome because the joint venture agreements require that both partners agree on establishing the significant operating and capital decisions of the partnership, including budgets, in the ordinary course of business. The evaluation of whether or not we control a venture can require significant judgment. In accordance with ASC 323 - 10, Investments - Equity Method and Joint Ventures Overall, we assess our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures for recoverability, and if it is determined that a loss in value of the investment below its carrying amount is other than temporary, we write down the investment to its fair value. We evaluate our equity investments for impairment based on the joint venture s projected cash flows. This process requires significant management judgment and estimates. There were no write-downs in fiscal 2021 or 2020. During fiscal 2019, we wrote down certain unconsolidated joint venture investments by million. 

million, million and million, respectively. 

million and million at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, which primarily related to allowances for receivables from municipalities and an allowance for a receivable for a prior year land sale. During fiscal 2021 and 2020 , we recorded million and million, respectively, in recoveries. There were write-offs in fiscal 2021 and 2020. 

Cash payments on lease liabilities 

ROU assets are classified within Prepaids and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, while lease liabilities are classified within Accounts payable and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded a net increase to both its ROU assets and lease liabilities of million as a result of new leases and lease renewals that commenced during the year ended October 31, 2021 . The following table contains additional information about our leases: 

Lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 
 Weighted-average discount rate (incremental borrowing rate) 

Maturities of our operating lease liabilities as of October 31, 2021 are as follows: 

2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 and Thereafter 
 Total payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 Present value of lease liabilities 

Buildings 
 Building improvements 
 Furniture 
 Equipment, including capitalized software 
 Total 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Total 

million and million as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, which primarily consists of cash collateralizing our letter of credit agreements and facilities as discussed in Note 9. 
 
 Financial services restricted cash and cash equivalents, which are included in Financial services other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, totaled million and million as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Included in these balances were 1 financial services customers deposits of million at October 31, 2021 and million as of October 31, 2020 , which are subject to restrictions on our use, and 2 million at October 31, 2021 and million as of October 31, 2020 of restricted cash under the terms of our mortgage warehouse lines of credit. 
 
 Total Homebuilding Customers deposits are shown as a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These liabilities are significantly more than the applicable periods restricted cash balances because in some states the deposits are not restricted from use and, in other states, we are able to release the majority of these customer deposits to cash by pledging letters of credit and surety bonds. 

million and million, respectively, of mortgages held for sale were pledged against our mortgage warehouse lines of credit (see Note 8 ). We may incur losses with respect to mortgages that were previously sold that are delinquent and which had underwriting defects, but only to the extent the losses are not covered by mortgage insurance or resale value of the home. The reserves for these estimated losses are included in the Financial services balances on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , we had reserves specifically for and identified mortgage loans, respectively, as well as reserves for an estimate for future losses on mortgages sold but not yet identified to us. 
 
 The activity in our loan origination reserves in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 

Provisions for losses during the period 
 Adjustments to pre-existing provisions for losses from changes in estimates 
 Payments/settlements 
 Loan origination reserves, end of period 

million and million (net of debt issuance costs) at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, which are secured by the related real property, including any improvements, with an aggregate book value of million and million, respectively. The weighted-average interest rate on these obligations was and at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, and the mortgage loan payments on each community primarily correspond to home deliveries. 
 
 Mortgage Loans. K. Hovnanian Mortgage originates mortgage loans primarily from the sale of our homes. Such mortgage loans and related servicing rights are sold in the secondary mortgage market within a short period of time. In certain instances, we retain the servicing rights for a small amount of loans. K. Hovnanian Mortgage finances the origination of mortgage loans through various master repurchase agreements, which are recorded in financial services liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Our secured Master Repurchase Agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Chase Master Repurchase Agreement is a short-term borrowing facility that provides up to million through its maturity on June 30, 2022. The loan is secured by the mortgages held for sale and is repaid when we sell the underlying mortgage loans to permanent investors. Interest is payable monthly on outstanding advances at an adjusted LIBOR rate, which was at October 31, 2021 , plus the applicable margin of . As of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , the aggregate principal amount of all borrowings outstanding under the Chase Master Repurchase Agreement was million and million, respectively. 
 
 K. Hovnanian Mortgage has another secured Master Repurchase Agreement with Customers Bank Customers Master Repurchase Agreement which is a short-term borrowing facility that provides up to million through its maturity on March 9, 2022. The loan is secured by the mortgages held for sale and is repaid when we sell the underlying mortgage loans to permanent investors. Interest is payable daily or as loans are sold to permanent investors on outstanding advances at the current LIBOR rate, plus the applicable margin ranging from to based on the type of loan and the number of days outstanding on the warehouse line. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , the aggregate principal amount of all borrowings outstanding under the Customers Master Repurchase Agreement was million and million, respectively. 
 
 K. Hovnanian Mortgage also has a secured Master Repurchase Agreement with Comerica Bank Comerica Master Repurchase Agreement which is a short-term borrowing facility through its maturity on June 28, 2022. The Comerica Master Repurchase Agreement provides up to million on the 15th day of the last month of the Company's fiscal quarters, and reverts back to up to million 30 days thereafter. The loan is secured by the mortgages held for sale and is repaid when we sell the underlying mortgage loans to permanent investors. Interest is payable monthly at the current LIBOR rate, subject to a floor of , plus the applicable margin of or based upon the type of loan. As of October 31, 2021 and 2020 , the aggregate principal amount of all borrowings outstanding under the Comerica Master Repurchase Agreement was million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Chase Master Repurchase Agreement, Customers Master Repurchase Agreement and Comerica Master Repurchase Agreement (together, the Master Repurchase Agreements require K. Hovnanian Mortgage to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other financial condition tests. Because of the extremely short period of time mortgages are held by K. Hovnanian Mortgage before the mortgages are sold to investors (generally a period of a few weeks), the immateriality to us on a consolidated basis of the size of the Master Repurchase Agreements, the levels required by these financial covenants, our ability based on our immediately available resources to contribute sufficient capital to cure any default, were such conditions to occur, and our right to cure any conditions of default based on the terms of the applicable agreement, we do not consider any of these covenants to be substantive or material. As of October 31, 2021 , we believe we were in compliance with the covenants under the Master Repurchase Agreements. 

10.5 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2024 
 10.0 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due November 15, 2025 158,502 
 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 Total Senior Secured Notes 
 Senior Notes: 
 8.0 Senior Notes due November 1, 2027 (1) - - 
 13.5 Senior Notes due February 1, 2026 
 5.0 Senior Notes due February 1, 2040 
 Total Senior Notes 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Credit Facility due February 1, 2027 
 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028 81,498 
 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (2) - - 
 Subtotal notes payable 
 Net (discounts) premiums 
 Net debt issuance costs 
 Total notes payable, net of discounts, premiums and debt issuance costs 

1 million of Senior Notes due 2027 (the "8.0 2027 Notes") are owned by a wholly-owned consolidated subsidiary of HEI. Therefore, in accordance with GAAP, such notes are not reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets of HEI. On November 1, 2019, the maturity of the 8.0 2027 Notes was extended to November 1, 2027. 
 
 2 At October 31, 2021 , provides for up to million in aggregate amount of senior secured first lien revolving loans. Availability thereunder will terminate on December 28, 2022. 
 
 As of October 31, 2021 , future maturities of our borrowings were as follows in thousands ): 

2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

1 Does not include our million Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility under which there were no borrowings outstanding as of October 31, 2021 . 

General 
 
 Except for K. Hovnanian, the issuer of the notes and borrower under the Credit Facilities (as defined below), our home mortgage subsidiaries, certain of our title insurance subsidiaries, joint ventures and subsidiaries holding interests in our joint ventures, we and each of our subsidiaries are guarantors of the Credit Facilities, the senior secured notes and senior notes outstanding (except for the 8.0 2027 Notes which are not guaranteed by K. Hovnanian at Sunrise Trail III, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) at October 31, 2021 collectively, the Notes Guarantors ). 
 
 The credit agreements governing the Credit Facilities and the indentures governing the senior secured and senior notes (together, the Debt Instruments outstanding at October 31, 2021 do not contain any financial maintenance covenants, but do contain restrictive covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of HEI and certain of its subsidiaries, including K. Hovnanian, to incur additional indebtedness (other than non-recourse indebtedness, certain permitted indebtedness and refinancing indebtedness), pay dividends and make distributions on common and preferred stock, repay/repurchase certain indebtedness prior to its respective stated maturity, repurchase (including through exchanges) common and preferred stock, make other restricted payments (including investments), sell certain assets (including in certain land banking transactions), incur liens, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. The Debt Instruments also contain customary events of default which would permit the lenders or holders thereof to exercise remedies with respect to the collateral (as applicable), declare the loans made under the Unsecured Term Loan Facility (defined below) (the Unsecured Term Loans ), loans made under the Secured Term Loan Facility (defined below) (the Secured Term Loans and loans made under the Secured Credit Agreement (as defined below) (the Secured Revolving Loans or notes to be immediately due and payable if not cured within applicable grace periods, including the failure to make timely payments on the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans, Secured Revolving Loans or notes or other material indebtedness, cross default to other material indebtedness, the failure to comply with agreements and covenants and specified events of bankruptcy and insolvency, with respect to the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans and Secured Revolving Loans, material inaccuracy of representations and warranties and with respect to the Unsecured Term Loans, Secured Term Loans and Secured Revolving Loans, a change of control, and, with respect to the Secured Term Loans, Secured Revolving Loans and senior secured notes, the failure of the documents granting security for the obligations under the secured Debt Instruments to be in full force and effect, and the failure of the liens on any material portion of the collateral securing the obligations under the secured Debt Instruments to be valid and perfected. As of October 31, 2021, we believe we were in compliance with the covenants of the Debt Instruments. 
 
 If our consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio is less than to 1.0, as defined in the applicable Debt Instrument, we are restricted from making certain payments, including dividends (in even such case, our secured debt leverage ratio must also be less than to 1.0 ), and from incurring indebtedness other than certain permitted indebtedness, refinancing indebtedness and nonrecourse indebtedness. As of October 31, 2021, as a result of our improved operating results, our fixed coverage ratio is above to 1.0 and our secured debt leverage ratio is below to 1.0, therefore we are no longer restricted from paying dividends. As such, on December 3, 2021 our Board of Directors authorized a dividend payment of million to preferred shareholders of record on January 1, 2022 and which will be paid on January 15, 2022. 
 
 Under the terms of our Debt Instruments, we have the right to make certain redemptions and prepayments and, depending on market conditions, our strategic priorities and covenant restrictions, may do so from time to time. We also continue to actively analyze and evaluate our capital structure and explore transactions to simplify our capital structure and to strengthen our balance sheet, including those that reduce leverage, interest rates and/or extend maturities, and will seek to do so with the right opportunity. We may also continue to make debt purchases and/or exchanges for debt or equity from time to time through tender offers, exchange offers, redemptions, open market purchases, private transactions, or otherwise, or seek to raise additional debt or equity capital, depending on market conditions and covenant restrictions. 
 
 Fiscal 2021 
 
 On July 30, 2021, K. Hovnanian redeemed in full all of the million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2022 (the "10.0 2022 Notes"). The aggregate purchase price for this redemption was million, which included accrued and unpaid interest and which was funded with cash on hand. This redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million for the year ended October 31, 2021, net of the write-off of unamortized financing costs and fees. The loss from the redemption is included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Loss on extinguishment of debt". 
 
 On August 2, 2021, K. Hovnanian redeemed in full all of the million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2024 (the "10.5 2024 Notes"). The aggregate purchase price for this redemption was million, which included accrued and unpaid interest and which was funded with cash on hand. This redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of million for the year ended October 31, 2021, net of the write-off of unamortized discounts, financing costs and fees. The loss from the redemption is included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Loss on extinguishment of debt". 
 
 Fiscal 2020 
 
 On December 10, 2019, K. Hovnanian consummated an exchange offer (the "1.75 Lien Exchange Offer") pursuant to which it issued million aggregate principal amount of 1.75 Lien Notes due 2025 (the 1.75 Lien Notes in exchange for million in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2022 Notes and million in aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2024 Notes (together with the 2022 Notes, the Second Lien Notes ). K. Hovnanian also exchanged million in aggregate principal amount of its Unsecured Term Loans for million in aggregate principal amount of Secured Term Loans made under a new Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028 the Secured Term Loan Facility ). There was no cash consideration in these exchanges. These secured notes and term loan exchanges were accounted for in accordance with ASC 470 - 60, resulting in a carrying value of million and million, respectively, for the 158.5 million of 1.75 Lien Notes and 81.5 million of Secured Term Loans, respectively, and a net gain on extinguishment of debt of million, which is included in Gain on extinguishment of debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The effect of this gain on a per share basis, assuming dilution, for the year ended October 31, 2020 was , excluding the impact of taxes, as our deferred tax assets were fully reserved by a valuation allowance. 

The 1.75 Lien Notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2019, among HEI, K. Hovnanian, the guarantors party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee and collateral agent. The 1.75 Lien Notes are guaranteed by HEI and the Notes Guarantors and are secured by substantially all of the assets owned by K. Hovnanian and the Notes Guarantors, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions. Interest on the 1.75 Lien Notes is payable semi-annually on May 15 and November 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on May 1 or November 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding each such interest payment date. The 1.75 Lien Notes have a maturity of November 15, 2025. 
 
 The 1.75 Lien Notes are redeemable in whole or in part at K. Hovnanian s option at any time prior to November 15, 2021 at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount plus an applicable Make-Whole Amount . At any time and from time to time on or after November 15, 2021 and prior to November 15, 2022, K. Hovnanian may redeem some or all of the 1.75 Lien Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount, at any time and from time to time after November 15, 2022 and prior to November 15, 2023, K. Hovnanian may redeem some or all of the 1.75 Lien Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount and at any time and from time to time after November 15, 2023, K. Hovnanian may redeem some or all of the 1.75 Lien Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount. In addition, K. Hovnanian may also redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the 1.75 Lien Notes prior to November 15, 2021 with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at of principal. 
 
 The Secured Term Loans and the guarantees thereof are secured on a pari passu basis with the 1.75 Lien Notes by the same assets that secure the 1.75 Lien Notes, subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions. The Secured Term Loans bear interest at a rate equal to 10.0 per annum and will mature on January 31, 2028, with interest payable in arrears on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. The Secured Term Loans may be voluntarily prepaid in whole or in part at K. Hovnanian s option at any time prior to November 15, 2021 at a prepayment price equal to of their principal amount plus any applicable Make-Whole Amount . At any time and from time to time on or after November 15, 2021 and prior to November 15, 2022, K. Hovnanian may voluntarily prepay some or all of the Secured Term Loans at a prepayment price equal to of their principal amount, at any time and from time to time after November 15, 2022 and prior to November 15, 2023, K. Hovnanian may voluntarily prepay some or all of the Secured Term Loans at a prepayment price equal to of their principal amount and at any time and from time to time after November 15, 2023, K. Hovnanian may voluntarily prepay some or all of the Secured Term Loans at a prepayment price equal to of their principal amount. 
 
 On March 25, 2020, K. Hovnanian consummated a private exchange (the Exchange pursuant to which it issued million aggregate principal amount of additional 1.5 Lien Notes (defined below) (the Additional 1.5 Lien Notes in exchange for 59.1 million aggregate principal amount of 2022 Notes held by certain participating bondholders (the Exchange Holders pursuant to an Exchange Agreement, dated March 25, 2020 the Exchange Agreement ), among the K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors, the Exchanging Holders and certain holders of the Initial 1.5 Lien Notes (defined below) (the Consenting Holders ). In connection therewith, the Consenting Holders provided their consents (the Consents under the Indenture under which the 1.5 Lien Notes were issued to permit the issuance of the Additional 1.5 Lien Notes. 
 
 The Additional 1.5 Lien Notes were issued as additional notes of the same series as the million aggregate principal amount of K. Hovnanian s Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026 issued on October 31, 2019 the Initial 1.5 Lien Notes and, together with the Additional 1.5 Lien Notes, the 1.5 Lien Notes ). In connection with the issuance of the Additional 1.5 Lien Notes in the Exchange, K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee and collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ), entered into the Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 25, 2020 the Supplemental Indenture ), to the Indenture, dated as of October 31, 2019 as amended and supplemented prior to the Supplemental Indenture, the Indenture ), among the K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors, the Trustee and the Collateral Agent. The Supplemental Indenture also amends the Indenture in accordance with the Consents to permit K. Hovnanian and the Notes Guarantors to secure up to million of 1.5 Lien Obligations (as defined in the Indenture). As of March 25, 2020, after giving effect to the issuance of the Additional 1.5 Lien Notes, million aggregate principal amount of 1.5 Lien Obligations, which consist of the 1.5 Lien Notes, were outstanding. For a discussion of the 1.5 Lien Notes see Secured Obligations below. 
 
 During the year ended October 31, 2020, the Company repurchased in open market transactions million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes. The aggregate purchase price for these repurchases was million, which included accrued and unpaid interest. These repurchases resulted in a gain on extinguishment of debt of million for the year ended October 31, 2020, net of the write-off of unamortized financing costs and fees. The gains from the repurchases are included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as "Gain on extinguishment of debt". 
 
 Fiscal 2019 
 
 On January 15, 2019, K. Hovnanian issued million in aggregate principal amount of additional 2024 Notes to GSO Capital Partners LP GSO or one or more funds managed, advised or sub-advised by GSO (collectively, the GSO Entities at a discount for a purchase price of million in cash. The additional 10.5 2024 Notes were issued as additional notes of the same series as the 10.5 2024 Notes. 
 
 On October 31, 2019, K. Hovnanian, HEI, the Notes Guarantors, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent, and affiliates of certain investment managers (the Investors ), as lenders, entered into a credit agreement (the Secured Credit Agreement and, together with the Unsecured Term Loan Facility and the Secured Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities providing for up to million in aggregate amount of Secured Revolving Loans to be used for general corporate purposes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. Secured Revolving Loans are to be borrowed by K. Hovnanian and guaranteed by the Notes Guarantors. Availability under the Secured Credit Agreement will terminate on December 28, 2022. The Secured Revolving Loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 7.75 , and interest is payable in arrears, on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. In connection with the entering into of the Secured Credit Agreement, K. Hovnanian terminated the 2018 Secured Credit Facility (as defined under "- Fiscal 2018" ). 

On October 31, 2019, K. Hovnanian completed private placements of senior secured notes as follows: (i) K. Hovnanian issued an aggregate of million of Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026 (the 1.125 Lien Notes in part pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement, dated October 31, 2019, among K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors and certain Investors as purchasers thereof (the 1.125 Lien Notes Purchase Agreement and in part pursuant to the Exchange Agreement (as defined below), with the proceeds from the sale of 1.125 Lien Notes under the 1.125 Lien Notes Purchase Agreement used to fund the cash payments to certain Exchanging Holders (as defined below) under the Exchange Agreement; and (ii) K. Hovnanian issued an aggregate of million of Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026 (the 1.25 Lien Notes ), pursuant to a Note Purchase Agreement (the 1.25 Lien Notes Purchase Agreement ), dated October 31, 2019, among K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors and certain Investors as purchasers thereof (the 1.25 Lien Notes Purchasers ), the proceeds of which were used to fund the Satisfaction and Discharge (as defined below). 
 
 In addition, on October 31, 2019, K. Hovnanian completed private exchanges of (i) approximately million aggregate principal amount of its 2022 Notes and approximately million aggregate principal amount of its 10.5 2024 Notes held by certain participating bondholders (the Exchanging Holders for a portion of the 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.125 Lien Notes described above and/or cash, and (ii) approximately million aggregate principal amount of its 10.5 2024 Notes held by certain of the Exchanging Holders for approximately million aggregate principal amount of 1.5 Lien Notes (the 1.5 Lien Notes together with the 1.125 Lien Notes and the 1.25 Lien Notes, the New Secured Notes ), pursuant to an Exchange Agreement, dated October 30, 2019 the Exchange Agreement ), among K. Hovnanian, the Notes Guarantors and the Exchanging Holders. 
 
 On October 31, 2019, K. Hovnanian issued notices of redemption for all of its outstanding Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the 9.50 Notes ), Senior Secured Notes due 2021 (the 2.000 Notes and Senior Secured Notes due 2021 (the 5.000 Notes and deposited with Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee under the indenture (the 9.50 Notes Indenture governing the 9.50 Notes and as trustee under the indenture (the 5.000 /2.000 Notes Indenture governing the 5.000 Notes and the 2.000 Notes sufficient funds to satisfy and discharge (collectively, the Satisfaction and Discharge (i) the 9.50 Indenture and to fund the redemption of all outstanding 9.50 Notes and to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed notes to, but not including, the November 10, 2019 redemption date and (ii) the 5.000 /2.000 Indenture and to fund the redemption of all outstanding 5.000 Notes and 2.000 Notes and to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the redeemed notes to, but not including, the November 30, 2019 redemption date. Proceeds from the issuance of the 1.25 Lien Notes together with cash on hand were used to fund the Satisfaction and Discharge. Upon the Satisfaction and Discharge of the 9.50 Notes Indenture, all of the collateral securing the 9.50 Notes was released and the restrictive covenants and events of default contained therein ceased to have effect and upon the Satisfaction and Discharge of the 5.000 /2.000 Notes Indenture, all of the collateral securing the 5.000 Notes and the 2.000 Notes was released and the restrictive covenants and events of default contained therein ceased to have effect as to both such series of Notes. 
 
 HEI and K. Hovnanian obtained the consent of certain lenders/holders under its existing debt instruments to amend such debt instruments in connection with the issuance of the New Secured Notes and the execution of the indentures governing the New Secured Notes and the Secured Credit Agreement. HEI, K. Hovnanian and the guarantors also amended such debt instruments to add certain subsidiaries as guarantors thereunder and, in the case of the Second Lien Notes, to add such new guarantors as pledgors and grantors of their assets (subject to permitted liens and certain exceptions) to secure such Second Lien Notes. 
 
 The transactions that were consummated on October 31, 2019, as described, are collectively referred to herein as the 2019 Transactions. The 2019 Transactions resulted in a loss of extinguishment of debt of million for the year ended October 31, 2019, which is included as Loss on Extinguishment of Debt on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Secured Obligations 
 
 On October 31, 2019, K. Hovnanian, HEI, the Notes Guarantors, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as administrative agent, and affiliates of certain investment managers (the Investors ), as lenders, entered into a credit agreement (the Secured Credit Agreement and, together with the Unsecured Term Loan Facility (defined below) and the Secured Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities providing for up to 125.0 million in aggregate amount of Secured Revolving Loans to be used for general corporate purposes, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein. Secured Revolving Loans are to be borrowed by K. Hovnanian and guaranteed by the Notes Guarantors. Availability under the Secured Credit Agreement will terminate on December 28, 2022. The Secured Revolving Loans bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 7.75 , and interest is payable in arrears, on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. 
 
 The 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due 2026 (the "1.125 Lien Notes") have a maturity of February 15, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year, to holders of record at the close of business on February 1 and August 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding such interest payment dates. The 1.125 Lien Notes are redeemable in whole or in part at our option at any time prior to February 15, 2022 at of their principal amount plus an applicable Make-Whole Amount. In addition, up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the 1.125 Lien Notes may be redeemed with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at of principal at any time prior to February 15, 2022. K. Hovnanian may also redeem some or all of the 1.125 Lien Notes at of principal commencing February 15, 2022, at of principal commencing February 15, 2023 and at of principal commencing February 15, 2024. 
 
 The 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026 (the "1.25 Lien Notes") have a maturity of February 15, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year to holders of record at the close of business on February 1 and August 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding such interest payment dates. The 1.25 Lien Notes are redeemable in whole or in part at our option at any time prior to February 15, 2022 at of their principal amount plus an applicable Make-Whole Amount. In addition, up to of the original aggregate principal amount of the 1.25 Lien Notes may be redeemed with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at of principal at any time prior to February 15, 2022. K. Hovnanian may also redeem some or all of the 1.25 Lien Notes at of principal commencing February 15, 2022, at of principal commencing February 15, 2023 and at of principal commencing February 15, 2024. 
 
 The 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due 2026 (the "1.5 Lien Notes") have a maturity of February 15, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of per annum payable semi-annually on February 15 and August 15 of each year to holders of record at the close of business on February 1 and August 1, as the case may be, immediately preceding such interest payment dates. The 1.5 Lien Notes are redeemable in whole or in part at our option at any time prior to February 15, 2026 at of their principal amount. 
 
 See Fiscal 2020 for a discussion of the 1.75 Lien Notes and the Secured Term Loans. 

Each series of secured notes and the guarantees thereof, the Secured Term Loans and the guarantees thereof and the Secured Credit Agreement and the guarantees thereof are secured by the same assets. Among the secured debt, the liens securing the Secured Credit Agreement are senior to the liens securing all of K. Hovnanian s other secured notes and the Secured Term Loan. The liens securing the 1.125 Lien Notes are senior to the liens securing the 1.25 Lien Notes, 1.5 Lien Notes, the 1.75 Lien Notes, the Secured Term Loans, the Second Lien Notes and any other future secured obligations that are junior in priority with respect to the assets securing the 1.125 Lien Notes, the liens securing the 1.25 Lien Notes are senior to the liens securing the 1.5 Lien Notes, the 1.75 Lien Notes, the Secured Term Loans and any other future secured obligations that are junior in priority with respect to the assets securing the 1.25 Lien Notes, the liens securing the 1.5 Lien Notes are senior to the liens securing the 1.75 Lien Notes, the Secured Term Loans and any other future secured obligations that are junior in priority with respect to the assets securing the 1.5 Lien Notes, the liens securing the 1.75 Lien Notes and the Secured Term Loans (which are secured on a pari passu basis with each other) are senior to any other future secured obligations that are junior in priority with respect to the assets securing the 1.75 Lien Notes and the Secured Term Loans, in each case, with respect to the assets securing such debt. 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, the collateral securing the Secured Credit Agreement, the Secured Term Loan Facility and the secured notes included 1 million of cash and cash equivalents, which included million of restricted cash collateralizing certain letters of credit (subsequent to such date, fluctuations as a result of cash uses include general business operations and real estate and other investments along with cash inflow primarily from deliveries); 2 million aggregate book value of real property, which does not include the impact of inventory investments, home deliveries or impairments thereafter and which may differ from the value if it were appraised; and 3 equity interests in joint venture holding companies with an aggregate book value of million. 
 
 Unsecured Obligations 
 
 The Senior Notes due 2026 (the 13.5 2026 Notes bear interest at 13.5 per annum and mature on February 1, 2026. Interest on the 13.5 2026 Notes is payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year to holders of record at the close of business on January 15 or July 15, as the case may be, immediately preceding each such interest payment date. The 13.5 2026 Notes are redeemable in whole or in part at K. Hovnanian s option at any time prior to February 1, 2025 at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount plus an applicable Make Whole Amount . At any time and from time to time on or after February 1, 2025, K. Hovnanian may also redeem some or all of the 13.5 2026 Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount. 
 
 The Senior Notes due 2040 (the 5.0 2040 Notes bear interest at 5.0 per annum and mature on February 1, 2040. Interest on the 5.0 2040 Notes is payable semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 of each year to holders of record at the close of business on January 15 or July 15, as the case may be, immediately preceding each such interest payment date. At any time and from time to time after February 1, 2021, K. Hovnanian may redeem some or all of the 2040 Notes at a redemption price equal to of their principal amount. 
 
 The Unsecured Term Loans bear interest at a rate equal to 5.0 per annum and interest is payable in arrears, on the last business day of each fiscal quarter. The Unsecured Term Loans will mature on February 1, 2027. 
 
 Other 
 
 We have certain stand-alone cash collateralized letter of credit agreements and facilities under which there was a total of million and million letters of credit outstanding at October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, respectively. These agreements and facilities require us to maintain specified amounts of cash as collateral in segregated accounts to support the letters of credit issued thereunder, which will affect the amount of cash we have available for other uses. At October 31, 2021 and October 31, 2020, the amount of cash collateral in these segregated accounts was million and million, respectively, which is reflected in Restricted cash and cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Financial Services 
 
 Operations of the Homebuilding segments primarily include the sale and construction of single-family attached and detached homes, attached townhomes and condominiums, urban infill and active lifestyle homes in planned residential developments. In addition, from time to time, operations of the homebuilding segments include sales of land. Operations of the Financial Services segment include mortgage banking and title services provided to the homebuilding operations customers. Our financial services subsidiaries do not typically retain or service mortgages that we originate but rather sell the mortgages and related servicing rights to investors. 
 
 Corporate and unallocated primarily represents operations at our headquarters in New Jersey. This includes our executive offices, information services, human resources, corporate accounting, training, treasury, process redesign, internal audit, construction services, and administration of insurance, quality and safety. It also includes interest income and interest expense resulting from interest incurred that cannot be capitalized in inventory in the Homebuilding segments, as well as the gains or losses on extinguishment of debt from any debt repurchases or exchanges. 
 
 Evaluation of segment performance is based primarily on operating earnings from continuing operations before provision for income taxes Income (loss) before income taxes ). Income (loss) before income taxes for the Homebuilding segments consist of revenues generated from the sales of homes and land, income (loss) from unconsolidated entities, management fees and other income, less the cost of homes and land sold, selling, general and administrative expenses and interest expense. Income (loss) before income taxes for the Financial Services segment consist of revenues generated from mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services, less the cost of such services and selling, general and administrative expenses incurred by the Financial Services segment. 
 
 Operational results of each segment are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred had the segment been an independent stand-alone entity during the periods presented. 
 
 Financial information relating to HEI s segment operations was as follows: 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Total revenues 
 Income (loss) before income taxes: 
 Northeast 
 Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Corporate and unallocated (1) 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 

1 Corporate and unallocated for the year ended October 31, 2021 included corporate general and administrative costs of million, interest expense of million (a component of Other interest on our Consolidated Statements of Operations), loss on extinguishment of debt of million, and million of other income and expenses. Corporate and unallocated for the year ended October 31, 2020 included corporate general and administrative costs of million, interest expense of million (a component of Other interest on our Consolidated Statements of Operations), gain on extinguishment of debt of million, and million of other income and expenses, along with the adjustment to our insurance reserves. Corporate and unallocated for the year ended October 31, 2019 included corporate general and administrative costs of million, interest expense of million (a component of Other interest on our Consolidated Statements of Operations), loss on extinguishment of debt of million and million of other income and expenses primarily related to interest income and gain on the sale of our former corporate headquarters building, along with the adjustment to our insurance reserves. 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Total assets 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Total investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Financial services interest expense (1) 
 Total interest expense, net 

1 Financial services interest expenses are included in the Financial services lines on the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the respective revenues and expenses sections. 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Total depreciation 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total homebuilding 
 Financial services 
 Corporate and unallocated 
 Total net additions to operating properties and equipment 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures 

Deferred 
 Federal income taxes: 
 Current 
 Deferred 
 Total 

The (benefit) provision for income taxes is composed of the following charges: 

State (2) 
 Total current income tax expense: 
 Federal 
 State 
 Total deferred income tax expense: 
 Total 

1 The current federal income tax expense is net of the use of federal net operating losses totaling million (tax effected million), million (tax effected million) and million (tax effected million) for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. 

2 The current state income tax expense is net of the use of state net operating losses totaling million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. 

The total benefit for the year ended October 31, 2021 was million. The benefit was primarily due to the reversal of a substantial portion of our valuation allowance previously recorded against our deferred tax assets. The total income tax expense of million and million for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, was primarily related to state tax expense from income generated in states where we do not have net operating loss carryforwards to offset the current year income. In addition, the expense for the year ended October 31, 2020 was primarily related to state tax expense from the impact of a cancellation of debt income recorded for tax purposes but not for GAAP purposes, creating a permanent difference. 
 
 Our federal net operating losses of billion expire between 2029 and 2038, and million have an indefinite carryforward period. Of our billion of state NOLs, million expire between 2022 through 2026 billion expire between 2027 through 2031 million expire between 2032 through 2036 million expire between 2037 through 2041; and million have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 
 On December 27, 2020, the Consolidated Appropriations Act (CAA) was enacted and signed into U.S. law to provide additional economic relief in response to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The CAA did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial conditions or results of operations as of and for the year ended October 31, 2021. We will continue to monitor additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the Internal Revenue Service and various state agencies. 
 
 The Company recognizes deferred income taxes for deferred tax benefits arising from NOL carryforwards and temporary differences between book and tax income which will be recognized in future years as an offset against future taxable income. A valuation allowance is provided to offset deferred tax assets if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Future realization of deferred tax assets depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character. Sources of taxable income include future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, expected future taxable income, taxable income in prior carryback years if permitted under the tax law, and tax planning strategies. Management has determined that it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable income will be generated in the future to realize its deferred tax assets except for a portion related to state deferred tax assets. The Company s deferred tax assets as of October 31, 2021, were million. 
 
 As of October 31, 2021, we considered all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, our valuation allowance for our deferred federal and state income tax assets ("DTAs") was appropriate in accordance with ASC 740. Listed below, in order of the weighting of each factor, is the available positive and negative evidence that we considered in determining that it is more likely than not that we will realize a substantial portion of our DTAs and that a full valuation allowance is not necessary. In analyzing these factors, overall the positive evidence, both objective and subjective, outweighed the negative evidence. Based on this analysis, we determined that the current valuation allowance for deferred taxes of million as of October 31, 2021, which partially reserves for our state DTAs, is appropriate. 
 
 1. As of October 31, 2021, on a tax basis, the Company had adjusted pre-tax income, which is income before income taxes excluding land-related charges and loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, on a three -year cumulative basis. On a U.S. GAAP basis, the Company had generated million of cumulative pre-tax income in the three years ended October 31, 2021, with million of that generated in the last twelve months. We also generated million of pre-tax income for our fiscal year ended October 31, 2020. We believe this positive improvement over the last 24 months will continue given the strength of our contract backlog and current homebuilding market conditions. (Positive Objective Evidence) 
 2. Over the last several years, we have completed a number of debt refinancing/restructuring transactions which, by extending our debt maturities, will enable us to allocate cash to invest in new communities and grow our community count to get back to sustained profitability. (Positive Objective Evidence) 
 3. On July 30, 2021 we paid off in full million of 10.0 2022 Notes and on August 2, 2021, we paid off in full million of 10.5 2024 Notes. These actions reduced our annual interest incurred by approximately million, which will enhance our profitability going forward. (Positive Objective Evidence) 
 4. We incurred pre-tax losses during the housing market decline that began in 2007 and the slower than expected housing market recovery. Given our current highly leveraged balance sheet, a downturn in the housing market, would be significantly more damaging to the Company than to other better capitalized homebuilders and make it very difficult for the Company to avoid future losses, given our high interest burden. (Negative Objective Evidence) 
 5. We exited several geographic markets over the last few years that have historically had losses. By exiting these underperforming markets, the Company has been able to redeploy capital to better performing markets, which over time should improve our profitability. (Positive Subjective Evidence) 
 6. The historical cyclicality of the U.S. housing market, a more restrictive mortgage lending environment compared to before the housing downturn of 2007 - 2009, the uncertainty of the overall U.S. economy and government policies and consumer confidence, and impacts of the COVID- 19 pandemic, all or any of which could continue to hamper a sustained, stronger recovery of the housing market. (Negative Subjective Evidence) 

The significant positive improvement in our operations in the last 24 months, which further accelerated in the fourth quarter ended October 31, 2021, coupled with our contract backlog of billion as of October 31, 2021 provided positive evidence to support the conclusion that a full valuation allowance is not necessary for all of our DTAs. As such, we used our go forward projections to estimate our usage of our existing federal and state DTAs. From that review, we concluded that we no longer needed any valuation allowance for our federal DTAs. However, with respect to our state DTAs, we concluded that a valuation allowance of million was still necessary related to states that have shorter carryforward periods or from states where we have significantly reduced or eliminated our operations and thus are not able to project that we will fully utilize those DTAs. 
 
 As of October 31, 2020, we had a valuation allowance of million of federal deferred tax assets related to NOLs, as well as other matters, all of which has been reversed as of October 31, 2021. We also had a valuation allowance of million of deferred tax assets related to state NOLs as of October 31, 2020, of which million was reversed in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and million remains at October 31, 2021. 

The deferred tax assets and liabilities have been recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: 

Uniform capitalization of overhead 
 Warranty and legal reserves 
 Compensation 
 Deferred Income 
 Interest Expense 
 Restricted stock bonus 
 Stock options 
 Provision for losses 
 Joint venture loss 
 Federal net operating losses 
 State net operating losses 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Valuation allowance 
 Net deferred income taxes 

The effective tax rate varied from the statutory federal income tax rate. The effective tax rate is affected by a number of factors, the most significant of which has been the valuation allowance related to our deferred tax assets. Due to the effects of these factors, our effective tax rates for 2021 , 2020 and 2019 are not correlated to the amount of our income or loss before income taxes. The sources of these factors were as follows: 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit 
 Permanent differences, net 
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance impact 
 Tax contingencies 
 Adjustments to prior years tax accruals 
 Effective tax rate 

ASC 740 - 10 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits. 
 
 Income tax positions must meet a more-likely-than- not recognition threshold at the effective date to be recognized upon the adoption of ASC 740 - 10 and in subsequent periods. This interpretation also provides guidance on measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. 
 
 We recognize tax liabilities in accordance with ASC 740 - 10 and we adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a liability that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. 
 
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax expense line in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following is a tabular reconciliation of the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits for the year (in millions) excluding interest and penalties: 

Gross increases tax positions in current period 
 Lapse of statute of limitations 
 Unrecognized tax benefit October 31, 

Related to the unrecognized tax benefits noted above, as of both October 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a liability for interest and penalties of 0.3 million. For the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, we recognized thousand and thousand, respectively, of interest and penalties in net income tax benefit. For the year ended October 31, 2019, we recognized thousand of interest and penalties in income tax expense. 
 
 It is likely that, within the next year, the amount of the Company's unrecognized tax benefits will decrease by million, excluding penalties and interest. This reduction is expected primarily due to the expiration of the statutes of limitation. The portion of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate (excluding any related impact to the valuation allowance) is million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020. The recognition of unrecognized tax benefits could have an impact on the Company s deferred tax assets. 
 
 The consolidated federal tax returns have been audited through October 31, 2020 and these years are closed. We are also subject to various income tax examinations in the states in which we do business. The outcome for a particular audit cannot be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of the audit, appeal, and in some cases, litigation process. As each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are appropriately recorded in the period determined. To provide for potential exposures, tax reserves are recorded, if applicable, based on reasonable estimates of potential audit results. However, if the reserves are insufficient upon completion of an audit, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. The statute of limitations for our major tax jurisdictions remains open for examination for tax years 2017 2020. 

to , for the year ended October 31, 2020, our discount rate used for the impairments recorded was , and for the year ended October 31, 2019, our discount rates used for the impairments recorded ranged from to . Should the estimates or expectations used in determining cash flows or fair value decrease or differ from current estimates in the future, we may need to recognize additional impairments. 
 
 During the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 , we evaluated inventories of all and communities under development and held for future development or sale, respectively, for impairment indicators through preparation and review of detailed budgets or other market indicators of impairment. We performed undiscounted future cash flow analyses for three of those communities (i.e., those with a projected operating loss or other impairment indicators) during the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 , with an aggregate carrying value of million and million, respectively. As a result of our undiscounted future cash flow analyses, we performed discounted cash flow analyses for three of those communities for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021 , resulting in aggregate impairment losses of million. During the year ended October 31, 2020, two communities that required discounted cash flow analyses were impaired, which resulted in recording aggregate impairment losses of million. The one community that did not require a discounted cash flow analysis to be performed during the year ended October 31, 2020 had an aggregate carrying value of million and did not have undiscounted future cash flows that exceeded the carrying amount by less than . The pre-impairment value in the table below represents the carrying value, net of prior period impairments, if any, at the time of recording the impairments. Our aggregate impairment losses are included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations on the line entitled Homebuilding: Inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs and deducted from inventory. 
 
 The following table represents impairments by segment for fiscal 2021 , 2020 and 2019 : 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total 

1 Represents carrying value, net of prior period impairments, if any, at the time of recording the applicable period s impairments. 

The Consolidated Statements of Operations line entitled Homebuilding: Inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs also includes write-offs of options and approval, engineering and capitalized interest costs that we record when we redesign communities and/or abandon certain engineering costs and we do not exercise options in various locations because the communities pro forma profitability is not projected to produce adequate returns on investment commensurate with the risk. The total aggregate write-offs related to these items were million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. Occasionally, these write-offs are offset by recovered deposits (sometimes through legal action) that had been written off in a prior period as walk-away costs. Historically, these recoveries have not been significant in comparison to the total costs written off. 
 
 The following table represents write-offs of such costs by segment for fiscal 2021 , 2020 and 2019 : 

Mid-Atlantic 
 Midwest 
 Southeast 
 Southwest 
 West 
 Total 

Less: undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested shares 
 Numerator for basic earnings (loss) per share 
 Plus: undistributed earnings allocated to nonvested shares 
 Less: undistributed earnings reallocated to nonvested shares 
 Numerator for diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 Denominator: 
 Denominator for basic earnings per share 
 Effect of dilutive securities: 
 Share-based payments 
 Denominator for diluted earnings per share weighted-average shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings (loss) per share 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

Incremental shares attributed to nonvested stock and outstanding options to purchase common stock of million for the year ended October 31, 2019, were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share because we had a net loss for the period, and any incremental shares would not be dilutive. 
 
 In addition, shares related to out-of-the money stock options that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share were thousand for the year ended October 31, 2021 and million for each of the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, because to do so would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented. 

of the corresponding regular cash dividend payable on a share of Class B Common Stock. If a shareholder desires to sell shares of Class B Common Stock, such stock must be converted into shares of Class A Common Stock at a one to one conversion rate. 
 
 On August 4, 2008, our Board of Directors adopted a shareholder rights plan (the Rights Plan ), which was amended on January 11, 2018 and January 18, 2021, designed to preserve shareholder value and the value of certain tax assets primarily associated with net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards and built-in losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Our ability to use NOLs and built-in losses would be limited if there was an ownership change under Section 382. This would occur if shareholders owning (or deemed under Section 382 to own) or more of our stock increase their collective ownership of the aggregate amount of our outstanding shares by more than percentage points over a defined period of time. The Rights Plan was adopted to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change occurring as defined by Section 382. Under the Rights Plan, one right was distributed for each share of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on August 15, 2008. Effective August 15, 2008, if any person or group acquires or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock without the approval of the Board of Directors, there would be a triggering event causing significant dilution in the voting power of such person or group. However, existing stockholders who owned, at the time of the Rights Plan s initial adoption on August 4, 2008, or more of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock will trigger a dilutive event only if they acquire additional shares. The approval of the Board of Directors decision to adopt the Rights Plan may be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time, prior to the Rights being triggered. The Rights Plan will continue in effect until August 14, 2024, unless it expires earlier in accordance with its terms. The approval of the Board of Directors decision to initially adopt the Rights Plan and the amendments thereto were approved by shareholders. Our stockholders also approved an amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation to restrict certain transfers of Class A Common Stock in order to preserve the tax treatment of our NOLs and built-in losses under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Subject to certain exceptions pertaining to pre-existing 5 stockholders and Class B stockholders, the transfer restrictions in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation generally restrict any direct or indirect transfer (such as transfers of our stock that result from the transfer of interests in other entities that own our stock) if the effect would be to (i) increase the direct or indirect ownership of our stock by any person (or public group) from less than to or more of our common stock; (ii) increase the percentage of our common stock owned directly or indirectly by a person (or public group) owning or deemed to own or more of our common stock; or (iii) create a new public group (as defined in the applicable United States Treasury regulations). Transfers included under the transfer restrictions include sales to persons (or public groups) whose resulting percentage ownership (direct or indirect) of common stock would exceed the thresholds discussed above, or to persons whose direct or indirect ownership of common stock would by attribution cause another person (or public group) to exceed such threshold. 
 
 On July 3, 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to purchase up to million shares of Class A Common Stock. There were no shares purchased during the year ended October 31, 2021 . As of October 31, 2021 , the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock that may yet be purchased under this program is thousand. 
 
 On October 31, 2020 , in connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due 2026, we issued and sold an aggregate of shares of Class A Common Stock, par value per share (and associated Preferred Stock Purchase Rights), to the purchasers of such Notes for an aggregate purchase price of . The issuance was exempt from registration under Section 4 (a)( 2 of the Securities Act of 1933. 
 
 Preferred Stock - On July 12, 2005, we issued shares of Series A Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of per share. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative and are payable at an annual rate of . The Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible into the Company s common stock and is redeemable in whole or in part at our option at the liquidation preference of the shares. The Series A Preferred Stock is traded as depositary shares, with each depositary share representing 1/1000th of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. The depositary shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol HOVNP. In fiscal 2021 , 2020 and 2019 , we did not pay any dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock due to covenant restrictions in our debt instruments. 
 
 Retirement Plan - We have established a tax-qualified, defined contribution savings and investment retirement plan (a 401 (k) plan). All associates are eligible to participate in the retirement plan, and employer contributions are based on a percentage of associate contributions and our operating results. Plan costs charged to operations were million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. 

stock option grants during the years ended October 31, 2021 or 2020. The fair value of option awards is established at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions for the year ended October 31, 2019: risk free interest rate of 1.99 ; dividend yield of zero; historical volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock of 0.56; a weighted-average expected life of the option of years; and an estimated forfeiture rate of . 
 
 For the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , total stock-based compensation expense was million million post tax) , million, million post tax) and million, respectively. Included in this total stock-based compensation expense was expense from stock options of million, million, and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. The total stock-based compensation expense for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019 includes income of million and million, respectively, from previously recognized expense of certain time and performance based restricted stock grants for which the performance metrics were not or are no longer expected to be satisfied. 

We have a stock incentive plan for certain officers and key employees and directors. Beginning in fiscal 2020, restricted share units are granted by a committee appointed by the Board of Directors or its delegate in accordance with the stock incentive plan. At the time of our annual stock grant in the third quarter of fiscal years 2021 and 2020, each of the five of our existing non-employee directors of the Company were granted a number of shares of restricted stock units subject to a two -year post-vesting holding period, based on the fair market value on the date of grant. Prior to fiscal 2020, options were granted by a committee appointed by the Board of Directors or its delegate in accordance with the stock incentive plan. The exercise price of all stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of the grant. Stock options granted to officers and associates generally vest in four equal installments on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date of the grant. All options expire years after the date of the grant. Non-employee directors stock options and restricted stock units vest in three equal installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of the grant. Stock option transactions are summarized as follows: 

Granted - - - - 
 Exercised - - - - 
 Forfeited 
 Expired 
 Options outstanding at end of period 
 Options exercisable at end of period 

Exercise prices for options outstanding at October 31, 2021 ranged from to . The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2021 was million. The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the market value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. There were options exercised in fiscal 2020 or fiscal 2019. 
 
 The weighted-average fair value of grants made in fiscal 2019 was per share. Based on the fair value at the time they were granted, the weighted-average fair value of options vested in fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was , and per share, respectively. 
 
 The following table summarizes the exercise price range and related number of options outstanding at October 31, 2021 : 

42.50 63.75 
 66.75 100.25 
 110.25 157.00 

The following table summarizes the exercise price range and related number of exercisable options at October 31, 2021 : 

42.50 63.75 
 66.75 100.25 
 110.25 157.00 

Officers and key associates who are eligible to receive equity grants are granted shares of restricted stock units. Shares underlying restricted stock units granted to officers and associates generally vest in four equal installments on the anniversaries of the grant date. Prior to fiscal 2020, officers and key associates who were eligible to receive equity grants could elect to receive either a stated number of stock options, or a reduced number of shares of restricted stock units, or a combination thereof. Shares underlying restricted stock units granted to officers and associates generally vest in four equal installments on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the grant date. Participants aged years or older, or aged with years of service, are eligible to vest in their equity awards on an accelerated basis on their retirement (which in the case of the restricted stock units only applies to a retirement that is at least one year after the date of grant). During the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , we granted (including units to certain of our non-employee directors), (including units to certain of our non-employee directors), and (including units to certain of our non-employee directors) restricted stock units, respectively, and also issued , and units, relating to awards granted in prior fiscal years, respectively. During the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , , and restricted stock units were forfeited, respectively. 

For the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, total compensation cost recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the annual restricted stock unit grants, market share unit grants and performance share units (both discussed below), and the stock portion of the long-term incentive plan (also discussed below) was million and million, respectively. For the year ended October 31, 2019, total compensation cost recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the annual restricted stock unit grants, market share unit grants (discussed below), and the stock portion of the long-term incentive plan (also discussed below) was income of million. In addition to nonvested share awards summarized in the following tables, there were , and vested share awards at October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which were deferred and not yet issued. 
 
 A summary of the Company s nonvested Time-Based share awards for the years ended October 31, 2021 , 2020 , and 2019 are as follows: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested Time-Based at end of period 

A summary of the Company s nonvested Performance-Based share awards for the years ended October 31, 2021 , 2020 , and 2019 are as follows: 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested Performance-Based at end of period 

Included in the above table are awards for the share portion of long-term incentive plans LTIPs ), and other share awards for certain officers and associates, which are performance based plans. These amounts include adjustments for performance outcomes where the difference between target at the time of grant and the final share awards based on achievement of the performance metrics are reflected through adjustments in the "Granted" line in the above table at the time the performance is finalized. LTIP shares vest in the third, fourth and fifth fiscal years after grant date, subject to certain performance metrics. 
 
 Included in the tables above are target Performance-based Performance Share Units PSUs ), which were granted to certain officers in fiscal years 2021 and 2020. The PSUs vest in four equal installments commencing on the second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the grant date, except that no portion of the award will vest unless the Committee determines that the Company achieved specified revenue goals. 
 
 The fair value of the PSU grants is determined using the Finnerty model, which uses an arithmetic average strike, put option. The strike price is based on the predetermined period average value of the underlying asset. The following assumptions were used for 2021 PSU grants: historical volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock of for the two -year period ending on the valuation date, and the concluded risk free rate assumption of equals the continuously compounded two -year yield, and dividend yield of zero. The following assumptions were used for 2020 PSU grants: historical volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock of for the two -year period ending on the valuation date, and the concluded risk free rate assumption of equals the continuously compounded two -year yield, and dividend yield of zero. 
 
 Also included in the tables above are target Time-based and Performance-based Market Share Units MSUs of which of Time-based and Performance-based were granted to certain officers in fiscal 2019. There were MSUs granted in fiscal 2021 and 2020. MSU grants from fiscal years 2015 through 2018 were reduced by Time-based and Performance-based MSUs in fiscal 2020, as certain performance conditions at measurement periods were not met and only a portion of the shares were vested, resulting in the reversal of million of expense during the period. Fifty percent of the MSUs will vest in equal annual installments, commencing on the second anniversary of the grant date subject to stock price performance conditions, pursuant to which the actual number of shares issuable with respect to vested MSUs may range from to of the target number of shares covered by the MSU awards, generally depending on the growth in the -day average trading price of the Company s shares during the period between the grant date and the relevant vesting dates. The remaining percent of the MSUs are also subject to financial performance conditions in addition to the stock price performance conditions applicable to all MSUs. These additional performance-based MSUs vest in equal installments with the first installment vesting on January 1, three years after the MSU grant date (for example, January 1, 2022 for the 2019 MSU grant) and the remaining annual installments commencing on the third anniversary of the grant date, except that no portion of the award will vest unless the Committee determines that the Company achieved 1 for the 2019 MSU grants, specified community count improvement (as to 25 of the MSU amount) and pre-tax profit (as to 25 of the MSU amount) goals comparing the fiscal year of the grant date and the second fiscal year following the grant date (fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 ), 2 for the 2017 and 2016 MSU grants, specified gross margin improvement (as to 25 of the MSU amount) and debt reduction (as to 25 of the MSU amount) goals comparing the fiscal year of the grant date and the second fiscal year following the grant date (fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2018 ). 

The fair value of the MSU grants is determined using the Monte-Carlo simulation model, which simulates a range of possible future stock prices and estimates the probabilities of the potential payouts. This model uses the average closing trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange over the 60 -calendar day period ending on the grant date. This model also incorporates the following ranges of assumptions: 
 
 The expected volatility is based on our stock s historical volatility commensurate with the life 2 years, 2.6 years, 3 years, 4 years and 5 years. 
 The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury rate assumption ranging from 2 - 5 years. 
 The expected dividend yield is not applicable since we do not currently pay dividends. 

The following assumptions were used for 2019 MSU grants: historical volatility factor of the expected market price of our common stock of , , , and for the 2 year, 2.6 year, 3 year, 4 year and 5 year vesting tranches, respectively and the concluded risk free rate assumptions of and equals the continuously compounded 2.55 year and 4 year yield, respectively and dividend yield of for all time periods. 
 
 Based on the terms of our equity compensation plans, awards that are forfeited become available to us for future grants under the plan. As of October 31, 2021 , we had million shares authorized and remaining for future issuance under our equity compensation plans. In addition, as of October 31, 2021 , there were mi llion of total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

million and million, respectively, from subcontractors related to the owner controlled insurance program, which we accounted for as reductions to inventory. 
 
 We accrue for warranty costs that are covered under our existing general liability and construction defect policy as part of our general liability insurance deductible. This accrual is expensed as selling, general and administrative costs. For homes delivered in fiscal 2021 and 2020 , our deductible under our general liability insurance was a million aggregate for construction defect and warranty claims. For bodily injury claims, our deductible per occurrence in fiscal 2021 and 2020 was million, up to a million limit. Our aggregate retention for construction defect, warranty and bodily injury claims was million for fiscal 2021 and 2020 . In addition, we establish a warranty accrual for lower cost-related issues to cover home repairs, community amenities and land development infrastructure that are not covered under our general liability and construction defect policy. We accrue an estimate for these warranty costs as part of cost of sales at the time each home is closed and title and possession have been transferred to the homebuyer. Additions and charges in the warranty reserve and general liability reserve for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Additions Selling, general and administrative 
 Additions Cost of sales 
 Charges incurred during the period 
 Changes to pre-existing reserves 
 Balance, end of period 

Warranty accruals are based upon historical experience. We engage a third -party actuary that uses our historical warranty and construction defect data to assist our management in estimating our unpaid claims, claim adjustment expenses and incurred but not reported claims reserves for the risks that we are assuming under the general liability and construction defect programs. The estimates include provisions for inflation, claims handling and legal fees. As a result of reductions in our construction defect claims in recent years and the impact of these reductions on the actuarial analysis on our total reserves, we recorded reductions in our construction defect reserves of million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021 and million in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 . These reductions are reflected in the changes to pre-existing reserves in the table above. 
 
 Insurance claims paid by our insurance carriers, excluding insurance deductibles paid, were million and less than million for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively, for prior year deliveries. 

million, million and million, respectively. Neither the Company nor Mr. Hovnanian has a financial interest in the relative s company from whom the services were provided. 
 
 Mr. Alexander Hovnanian, the son of Ara K. Hovnanian, our Chairman of the Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer, is employed by the Company. Mr. Alexander Hovnanian holds the position of Executive Vice President - National Homebuilding Operations. For fiscal 2021 , he received cash compensation of approximately and equity awards with an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately . For fiscal 2020 and 2019 , his total compensation was approximately and , respectively. 

of the EPA s costs to clean-up the site in the amount of million. The Company responded to the EPA s demand letter on June 15, 2018 setting forth the Company s defenses and expressing its willingness to enter into settlement negotiations. Two other PRPs identified by the EPA are now also in negotiations with the EPA and in preliminary negotiations with the Company regarding the site. In the course of negotiations, the EPA informed the Company that the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection ("NJDEP") has also incurred costs remediating part of the site. The EPA has since requested that the three PRPs present a joint settlement offer to the EPA. The Company and the other two PRPs are parties to a series of agreements tolling the statute of limitations on the EPA's claims for reimbursement, most recently extending the date until April 20, 2022. We believe that we have adequate reserves for this matter. 
 
 In 2015, the condominium association of the Four Seasons at Great Notch condominium community (the Great Notch Plaintiff filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Passaic County (the Court alleging various construction defects, design defects, and geotechnical issues relating to the community. The operative complaint Complaint asserts claims against Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and several of its affiliates, including K. Hovnanian at Great Notch, LLC, K. Hovnanian Construction Management, Inc., and K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC. The Complaint also asserts claims against various other design professionals and contractors. The Great Notch Plaintiff has also filed a motion, which remains pending, to permit it to pursue a claim to pierce the corporate veil of K. Hovnanian at Great Notch, LLC to hold its alleged parent entities liable for any damages awarded against it. To date, the Hovnanian-affiliated defendants have reached a partial settlement with the Great Notch Plaintiff as to a portion of the Great Notch Plaintiff s claims against them for an amount immaterial to the Company. On its remaining claims against the Hovnanian-affiliated defendants, the Great Notch Plaintiff has asserted damages of approximately million, which amount is potentially subject to treble damages pursuant to the Great Notch Plaintiff s claim under the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act. The trial is currently scheduled for March 7, 2022. Mediation was held in September 2020 with further mediation sessions anticipated in the future. The Hovnanian-affiliated defendants intend to defend these claims vigorously. 

In December 2020, the NJDEP and the Administrator of the New Jersey Spill Compensation Fund (the Spill Fund filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of New Jersey, Law Division, Union County against Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. in addition to other unrelated parties, in connection with contamination at Hickory Manor, a residential condominium development. Alleged predecessors of certain defendants had used the Hickory Manor property for decades for manufacturing purposes. In 1998, NJDEP confirmed that groundwater at this site was impacted from an off-site source. The site was later remediated, resulting in the NJDEP issuing an unconditional site-wide No Further Action determination letter and Covenant Not to Sue in 1999. Subsequently, one of our affiliates was involved in redeveloping the property as a residential community. The complaint asserts claims under the New Jersey Spill Act and other state law claims and alleges that the NJDEP and the Spill Fund have incurred over million since 2009 to investigate vapor intrusion at the development and to install vapor mitigation systems. Among other things, the complaint seeks recovery of the costs incurred, an order that defendants perform additional required remediation and disgorgement of profits on our affiliate s sales of the units in the development. No formal discovery has commenced. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. intends to defend these claims vigorously. 

million to purchase land and lots with a total purchase price of billion. The maximum exposure to loss with respect to our land and lot options is limited to the deposits plus any pre-development costs invested in the property, although some deposits are refundable at our request or refundable if certain conditions are not met. 

million of net cash. As a result of this transaction, we took control of four communities, including three active communities. The unconsolidated joint venture was subsequently dissolved. 
 
 During the second quarter of fiscal 2021, we contributed communities we owned, including active communities, to two new joint ventures for million of net cash. 
 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we contributed eight communities we owned, including four active communities, to a new joint venture for million of net cash. 
 
 During the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we contributed community we owned to an existing unconsolidated joint venture, resulting in our receiving million of net cash. 

The tables set forth below summarize the combined financial information related to our unconsolidated homebuilding and land development joint ventures that are accounted for under the equity method. 

Inventories 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and equity: 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Notes payable 
 Total liabilities 
 Equity of: 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 
 Others 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 Debt to capitalization ratio 

Inventories 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 Liabilities and equity: 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 Notes payable 
 Total liabilities 
 Equity of: 
 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 
 Others 
 Total equity 
 Total liabilities and equity 
 Debt to capitalization ratio 

As of October 31, 2021 and 2020, we had advances outstanding of million and payables outstanding of million, respectively, to these unconsolidated joint ventures. These amounts were included in the Accounts payable and accrued liabilities balances in the tables above. On our Consolidated Balance Sheets, our Investments in and advances to unconsolidated joint ventures amounted to million and million at October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In some cases, our net investment in these unconsolidated joint ventures is less than our proportionate share of the equity reflected in the table above because of the differences between asset impairments recorded against our unconsolidated joint venture investments and any impairments recorded in the applicable unconsolidated joint venture. Impairments of unconsolidated joint venture investments are recorded at fair value while impairments recorded in the unconsolidated joint venture are recorded when undiscounted cash flows trigger the impairment. During the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, we did not write-down any of our unconsolidated joint venture investments. 

Cost of sales and expenses 
 Joint venture net income 
 Our share of net income 

Cost of sales and expenses 
 Joint venture net income 
 Our share of net income 

Cost of sales and expenses 
 Joint venture net income 
 Our share of net income 

Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures is reflected as a separate line in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and reflects our proportionate share of the income or loss of these unconsolidated homebuilding and land development joint ventures. The difference between our share of the income or loss from these unconsolidated joint ventures in the tables above compared to the Consolidated Statements of Operations is due primarily to the reclassification of the intercompany portion of management fee income from certain unconsolidated joint ventures and the deferral of income for lots purchased by us from certain unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 The reason Our share of net income is higher or lower than the Joint venture net income shown in the tables above for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is because we have varying ownership percentages, ranging from to over 50 , in our and unconsolidated joint ventures for both periods, respectively. Therefore, depending on mix, if the unconsolidated joint ventures in which we have higher sharing percentages are more profitable than our other unconsolidated joint ventures, that results in us having a higher overall percentage of income in the aggregate than would occur if all joint ventures had the same sharing percentage; conversely, if the unconsolidated joint ventures in which we have lower sharing percentages are more profitable than our other unconsolidated joint ventures, that results in us having a lower overall percentage of income in the aggregate than would occur if all joint ventures had the same sharing percentage. For the year ended October 31, 2021, "Our share of net income" was lower than the "Joint venture net income" due to increased income on one of our newer unconsolidated joint ventures during the year for which we currently recognize no share percentage of the profit based on the joint venture agreement, and a second unconsolidated joint venture which we recognize a lower profit sharing percentage having higher profit in the current period. In addition, for the years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020, we had written off our investment in two of our unconsolidated joint ventures that are generating losses and therefore we currently do not recognize those losses. Had we not fully written off our investment, our share of the net loss in these unconsolidated joint ventures would have been approximately , which would have reduced our overall share of net income across all of our unconsolidated joint ventures. As a result, these unconsolidated joint ventures losses significantly reduce the profit when looking at all of our 10 and 11 unconsolidated joint ventures, respectively, in the aggregate, without having any impact on our share of net income or loss recorded in the applicable period. 
 
 To compensate us for the administrative services we provide as the manager of certain unconsolidated joint ventures, we receive a management fee based on a percentage of the applicable unconsolidated joint venture s revenues. These management fees, which totaled million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, are recorded in Homebuilding: Selling, general and administrative on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Typically, our unconsolidated joint ventures obtain separate project specific mortgage financing. For some of our unconsolidated joint ventures, obtaining financing was challenging, therefore, some of our unconsolidated joint ventures are capitalized only with equity. The total debt to capitalization ratio of all our unconsolidated joint ventures was as of October 31, 2021. Any unconsolidated joint venture financing is on a nonrecourse basis, with guarantees from us limited only to performance and completion of development, environmental warranties and indemnification, standard indemnification for fraud, misrepresentation and other similar actions, including a voluntary bankruptcy filing. In some instances, the unconsolidated joint venture entity is considered a VIE under ASC 810 - 10 Consolidation Overall due to the returns being capped to the equity holders; however, in these instances, we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary, and therefore we do not consolidate these entities. 

Forward contracts Level 2 
 Total 
 Interest rate lock commitments Level 3 
 Total 

1 The aggregate unpaid principal balance was million and million at October 31, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 We elected the fair value option for our loans held for sale in accordance with ASC 825, Financial Instruments, which permits us to measure financial instruments at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis. Management believes that the election of the fair value option for loans held for sale improves financial reporting by mitigating volatility in reported earnings caused by measuring the fair value of the loans and the derivative instruments used to economically hedge them without having to apply complex hedge accounting provisions. Fair value of loans held for sale is based on independent quoted market prices, where available, or the prices for other mortgage loans with similar characteristics. 
 
 The Financial Services segment had a pipeline of loan applications in process of million at October 31, 2021 . Loans in process for which interest rates were committed to the borrowers totaled million as of October 31, 2021 . Substantially all of these commitments were for periods of days or less. Since a portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being exercised by the borrowers, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 
 
 The Financial Services segment uses investor commitments and forward sales of mandatory MBS to hedge its mortgage-related interest rate exposure. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. Credit risk is managed by entering into MBS forward commitments, option contracts with investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and loan sales transactions with permanent investors meeting the segment s credit standards. The segment s risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference between the contract price and fair value of the MBS forward commitments and option contracts. At October 31, 2021 , the segment had open commitments amounting to million to sell MBS with varying settlement dates through November 18, 2021. 

The assets accounted for using the fair value option are initially measured at fair value. Gains and losses from initial measurement and subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Revenues: Financial services. The fair values that are included in income are shown, by financial instrument and financial statement line item, below: 

The Company's assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are those assets for which the Company has recorded valuation adjustments and write-offs during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2021 and 2020 . The assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are all within the Company's Homebuilding operations and are summarized below: 
 
 Nonfinancial Assets 

Land and land options held for future development or sale Level 3 

Land and land options held for future development or sale Level 3 

We record impairment losses on inventories related to communities under development and held for future development when events and circumstances indicate that they may be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their related carrying amounts. If the expected undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying amount, then the community is written down to its fair value. We estimate the fair value of each impaired community by determining the present value of its estimated future cash flows at a discount rate commensurate with the risk of the respective community. Should the estimates or expectations used in determining cash flows or fair value decrease or differ from current estimates in the future, we may be required to recognize additional impairments. We recorded inventory impairments, which are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as Inventory impairment loss and land option write-offs and deducted from inventory, of million, million and million for the years ended October 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 , respectively. See Note 12 for further detail of the communities evaluated for impairment. 

The fair value of our cash equivalents, restricted cash and cash equivalents and customer s deposits approximates their carrying amount, based on Level 1 inputs. 
 
 The fair value of each series of our Notes and Credit Facilities are listed below. Level 2 measurements are estimated based on recent trades or quoted market prices for the same issues or based on recent trades or quoted market prices for our debt of similar security and maturity to achieve comparable yields. Level 3 measurements are estimated based on third -party broker quotes or management s estimate of the fair value based on available trades for similar debt instruments. 
 
 Fair Value as of October 31, 2021 

7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026` 
 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien `Notes due February 15, 2026 
 Senior Notes: 
 13.5 Senior Notes due February 1, 2026 
 5.0 Senior Notes due February 1, 2040 
 Senior Credit Facilities: 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Credit Facility due February 1, 2027 
 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028 
 Total fair value 

Fair Value as of October 31, 2020 

10.5 Senior Secured Notes due July 15, 2024 
 10.0 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Notes due November 15, 2025 
 7.75 Senior Secured 1.125 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 10.5 Senior Secured 1.25 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 11.25 Senior Secured 1.5 Lien Notes due February 15, 2026 
 Senior Notes: 
 13.5 Senior Notes due February 1, 2026 
 5.0 Senior Notes due February 1, 2040 
 Senior Credit Facilities: 
 Senior Unsecured Term Loan Credit Facility due February 1, 2027 
 Senior Secured 1.75 Lien Term Loan Credit Facility due January 31, 2028 
 Total fair value 

The Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility is not included in the above tables because there were borrowings outstanding thereunder as of October 31, 2021 and 2020 . 

91

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_290255.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_290255.htm 

Exhibit 21 

Legal Entity Name 

State of Formation 

Eastern National Title Agency Arizona, LLC 

AZ 

GTIS-HOV AT SILVERSTONE LLC 

AZ 

GTIS-HOV Pointe 16 LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian Arizona New GC, LLC 

AZ 

K. HOVNANIAN ARIZONA OPERATIONS, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at 17 North, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at 23 North, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at 240 Missouri, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Acacia Place, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Aire on McDowell, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Alameda Point, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Alto, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Ambra, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Andora, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Aster Ridge, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Catania, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Eagle Heights, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Gallery, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Galloway Ridge, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Luke Landing, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Maryland Ridge, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at McCartney Ranch, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Monroe Ranch, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Montana Vista Dobbins, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Montana Vista, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Orangewood Ranch, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Palermo, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Palm Valley, L.L.C. 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Park Paseo, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Pinnacle Peak Patio, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Pointe 16, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Quail Creek, L.L.C. 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Rancho Cabrillo, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Rancho El Dorado, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Santa Rosa Springs, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Santanilla, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Scottsdale Heights, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Sienna Hills, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Silverstone G, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Silverstone, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Skye on McDowell, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Solare, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Sterling Vistas, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Sun City West, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Sunrise Trail II, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Sunrise Trail III, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at The Meadows 9, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at The Meadows, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Tierra, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Tortosa South, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Union Park, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Ventana Lakes, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Verrado Cascina, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Verrado Marketside, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian at Victory at Verrado, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian Companies of Arizona, LLC 

AZ 

K. HOVNANIAN GREAT WESTERN HOMES, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian Legacy at Via Bella, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian Phoenix Division, Inc. 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian West Group, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at The Manor II, LLC 

AZ 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at The Manor, LLC 

AZ 

2700 Empire, LLC 

CA 

GTIS-HOV Positano LLC 

CA 

GTIS-HOV Rancho 79 LLC 

CA 

K. HOV IP, II, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Apricot Grove, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Bellevue Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Caliterra Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at River Terrace, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Solaire, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Stones Throw, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Sunnyside II, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Andalusia, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Aspire at Apricot Grove PH2, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Bakersfield 463, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Beacon Park Area 129 II, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Beacon Park Area 129, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Beacon Park Area 137, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Blackstone, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Cadence Park, LLC 

CA 

K. HOVNANIAN AT CAPISTRANO, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Carlsbad, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Cedar Lane, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Cielo, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Fiddyment Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Firefly at Winding Creek, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Fresno, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Gilroy 60, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at GIlroy, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Hidden Lake, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Jaeger Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at La Laguna, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Ladd Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Luna Vista, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Manteca, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Melanie Meadows, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Meridian Hills, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Muirfield, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Parkside, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Pavilion Park, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Positano, LLC 

CA 

K. HOVNANIAN AT ROSEMARY LANTANA, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Sage II Harvest at Limoneira, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Santa Nella, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Sendero Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Sheldon Grove, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Sierra Vista, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Skye Isle, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Stanton, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Sunridge Park, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Thompson Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Trail Ridge, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Valle Del Sol, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Verona Estates, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Victorville, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Village Center, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Vineyard Heights, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Vista Lago, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Waterstone, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at West View Estates, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Westshore, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Wheeler Ranch, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian at Woodcreek West, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian CA Land Holdings, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian California Operations, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian California Region, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Communities, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Companies of Southern California, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Companies, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian East Group, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Four Seasons at Homestead, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian GT Investment, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Homes Northern California, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian JV Holdings, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian JV Services Company, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Meadow View at Mountain House, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Northeast Division, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Northern California Division, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Operations Company, Inc. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Southern California Division, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Terra Lago Investment, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Aspire at Union Village, LLC 

CA 

K. HOVNANIAN'S FOUR SEASONS AT BAKERSFIELD, L.L.C. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Beaumont, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Los Banos, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Sonata at The Preserve, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Veranda at RiverPark II, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian's Veranda at RiverPark, LLC 

CA 

STONEBROOK HOMES, INC. 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Parkview at Sterling Meadows, LLC 

CA 

K. Hovnanian Developments of D.C., Inc. 

DC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Parkside, LLC 

DC 

K. Hovnanian Homes of D.C., L.L.C. 

DC 

GTIS-HOV Arbors at Monroe Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Dulles Parkway Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Four Ponds Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Greenfield Crossing Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Heatherfield Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Holdings LLC 

DE 

GTIS-Hov Holdings V LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Lakes of Cane Bay Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Parkside of Libertyville Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Pinnacle Peak Patio Parent LLC 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Sauganash Glen Parent LLC 

DE 

Homebuyers Financial USA, LLC 

DE 

Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (PARENT COMPANY) 

DE 

HovSite Catalina LLC 

DE 

HovSite Churchill Club LLC 

DE 

HovSite Firenze LLC 

DE 

HovSite Greenwood Manor LLC 

DE 

HovSite Hunt Club LLC 

DE 

HovSite Liberty Lakes LLC 

DE 

HovSite Monteverde 1 2 LLC 

DE 

HovSite Monteverde 3 4 LLC 

DE 

HovSite Providence LLC 

DE 

HovSite Southampton LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Agency Holdings, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Admiral's Landing, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Ashby Place, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Autumn Ridge, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Bay Knolls, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Brenford Station, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Cedar Lane Estates, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Egret Shores, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Fork Landing, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Harbor's Edge at Bayside, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Hidden Brook, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at North Brunswick VI, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Nottingham Meadows, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Ocean View Beach Club, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Oyster Cove, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Plantation Lakes, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Pleasanton, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Red Mill Pond, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Retreat at Millstone, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Seabrook, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Tower Hill, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian at Townsend Fields, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Central Acquisitions, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Delaware Division, Inc. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Delaware Operations, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT IX Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT V Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT VI Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT VII Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT VIII Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT X Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian GT XII Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Knollac Acres, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Summit Pointe, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Delaware I, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Longacre Village, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian HovSite II Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian HovSite III Investment, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian M.E. Investments, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian New Jersey Operations, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian North Central Acquisitions, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian North Jersey Acquisitions, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian South Jersey Acquisitions, L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Baymont Farms L.L.C. 

DE 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Hatteras Hills, LLC 

DE 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Silver Maple Farm, L.L.C. 

DE 

KHH Shell Hall Loan Acquisition, LLC 

DE 

Traverse Partners, LLC 

DE 

Washington Homes, Inc. 

DE 

WTC Ventures, L.L.C. 

DE 

GTIS-HOV Nicholson Parent LLC 

DE 

Eastern National Title Agency Florida, LLC 

FL 

HOVNANIAN DEVELOPMENTS OF FLORIDA, INC. 

FL 

Hovnanian Land Investment Group of Florida, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Amber Glen, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at East Lake, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Hawks Ridge, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Port St. Lucie, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Victoria Parc, LLC 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN ASPIRE AT WATERSTONE, LLC 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN AT AVENIR, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Boca Dunes, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Coral Lago, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Delray Beach, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Hampton Cove, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Hilltop Reserve II, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Hilltop Reserve, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Lake Burden, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Lake Florence, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Lake LeClare, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Pickett Reserve, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Redtail, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Spring Isle, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Summerlake, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Terra Bella Two, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at The Highlands at Summerlake Grove, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Valletta, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at Walkers Grove, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Belmont Reserve, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Boatman Hammock, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Cambridge Homes, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Companies of Florida, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Cypress Creek, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Cypress Key, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Estates at Wekiva, LLC 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN FIRST HOMES, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN FLORIDA OPERATIONS, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Florida Realty, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Fox Pointe, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Grand Cypress, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Grandefield, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Florida I, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Ivy Trail, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Lake Griffin Reserve, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Lake Parker, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Magnolia at Westside, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Montclaire Estates, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Ocoee Landings, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Orlando Division, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Osprey Ranch, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Preserve at Avonlea, LLC 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN PRESERVE AT TURTLE CREEK LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Reynolds Ranch, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Riverside, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Rivington, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian San Sebastian, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Sereno, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian South Fork, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Southeast Florida Division, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Sterling Ranch, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian T C Homes at Florida, L.L.C. 

FL 

K. Hovnanian TerraLargo, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Union Park, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian Winding Bay Preserve, LLC 

FL 

K. HOVNANIAN WINDWARD HOMES, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Lake Harris, LLC 

FL 

KHOV WINDING BAY II, LLC 

FL 

LINKS AT CALUSA SPRINGS, LLC 

FL 

K. Hovnanian at The Commons at Richmond Hill, LLC 

GA 

K. Hovnanian at Westbrook, LLC 

GA 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Georgia, Inc. 

GA 

K. Hovnanian Georgia Operations, LLC 

GA 

K. HOVNANIAN HOMES AT CREEKSIDE, LLC 

GA 

Amber Ridge, LLC 

IL 

Arbor Trails, LLC 

IL 

EASTERN NATIONAL TITLE AGENCY ILLINOIS, LLC 

IL 

Glenrise Grove, L.L.C. 

IL 

GTIS-HOV Parkside of Libertyville LLC 

IL 

GTIS-HOV Sauganash Glen LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Amberley Woods, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Ashley Pointe LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Bradwell Estates, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Christina Court, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Churchill Farms LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Deer Ridge, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Estates of Fox Chase, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Fairfield Ridge, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Grande Park, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Hanover Estates, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Heatherfield, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Island Lake, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Link Crossing, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Maple Hill LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Meadowridge Villas, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at North Grove Crossing, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at North Pointe Estates LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Northridge Estates, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Orchard Meadows, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Prairie Pointe, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Randall Highlands, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at River Hills, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Sagebrook, LLC 

IL 

K. HOVNANIAN AT SILVER LEAF, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Silverwood Glen, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Somerset, LLC 

IL 

K. HOVNANIAN AT TAMARACK SOUTH LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Tanglewood Oaks, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Trafford Place, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Tramore LLC 

IL 

K. HOVNANIAN AT VILLAS AT THE COMMONS, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian Chicago Division, Inc. 

IL 

K. Hovnanian Estates at Regency, L.L.C. 

IL 

K. HOVNANIAN ILLINOIS OPERATIONS, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian T C Homes at Illinois, L.L.C. 

IL 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Briargate, LLC 

IL 

K. Hovnanian at Norton Lake LLC 

IL 

Eastern National Title Agency Maryland, LLC 

MD 

GTIS-HOV Villages at Pepper Mill LLC 

MD 

Homebuyers Financial Services, L.L.C. 

MD 

Hovnanian Land Investment Group of Maryland, L.L.C. 

MD 

Hovnanian Land Investment Group, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Brittany Manor, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Caton's Reserve, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Eden Terrace, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Grace Meadows, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Roderuck, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Southpointe, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian at Wade's Grant, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Brittany Manor Borrower, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Maryland, Inc. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Russett, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Homes at the Highlands, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Maryland I, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Maryland II, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Maryland, L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Kent Island II, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Kent Island III, LLC 

MD 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at St. Margarets Landing, L.L.C. 

MD 

Ridgemore Utility L.L.C. 

MD 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Minnesota, Inc. 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Arbor Creek, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Autumn Meadows, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Brynwood, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Cedar Hollow, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Founder's Ridge, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Harpers Street Woods, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Oaks of Oxbow, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota at Regent's Point, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Homes of Minnesota, L.L.C. 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Liberty on Bluff Creek, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian Timbres at Elm Creek, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Rush Creek II, LLC 

MN 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Rush Creek, L.L.C. 

MN 

K. Hovnanian at Burch Kove, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at Indian Wells, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at Lily Orchard, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at Main Street Square, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at Oak Pointe, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at The Promenade at Beaver Creek, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian at Wheeler Woods, LLC 

NC 

K. Hovnanian Developments of North Carolina, Inc. 

NC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Brook Manor, LLC 

NC 

K. HOVNANIAN HOMES OF NORTH CAROLINA, INC. 

NC 

K. Hovnanian Sherwood at Regency, LLC 

NC 

Builder Services NJ, L.L.C. 

NJ 

Eastern National Title Agency, Inc. 

NJ 

F W MECHANICAL SERVICES, L.L.C. 

NJ 

GTIS-HOV Arbors at Monroe LLC 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN 77 HUDSON STREET INVESTMENTS, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Acquisitions, Inc. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian American Mortgage, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN ASPIRE AT MORRIS WOODS, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Asbury Park Urban Renewal, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Branchburg II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Branchburg, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Branchburg-Vollers, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Brookside Manor, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Chesterfield, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Dunellen Urban Renewal, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at East Brunswick III, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at East Brunswick, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at East Windsor, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Egg Harbor Township II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Fifth Avenue, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Florence I, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Franklin II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Franklin, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Freehold Township III, LLC 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN AT GLEN OAKS, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Great Notch, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Hillsborough, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Howell Fort Plains, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Howell II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Howell, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Jackson I, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Jackson, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Little Egg Harbor Township II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan Crossing, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan III, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan IV, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan Landing, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan V, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Manalapan VI, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Maple Avenue, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Marlboro Grove, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Middletown III, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Middletown IV, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Millville II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Monroe NJ II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Monroe NJ III, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Monroe NJ, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Montgomery, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Montvale II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Montvale, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Morris Twp, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at North Caldwell III, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at North Caldwell IV, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at North Wildwood, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Oakland, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Old Bridge II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Old Bridge, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Pointview Walk, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Port Imperial Investment, LLC 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN AT PORT IMPERIAL URBAN RENEWAL V, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN AT PORT IMPERIAL URBAN RENEWAL VIII, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Rancocas Creek, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Ridgemont, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Sandpiper Place, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Shrewsbury, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Smithville, Inc. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at South Brunswick II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at South Brunswick III, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at South Brunswick IV, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Station Square, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at The Monarch, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Trenton II, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Trenton Urban Renewal, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Villages at Country View, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Wall Donato, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Wall Quail Ridge, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Warren Township II, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Warren Township, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Wildwood Bayside, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Woolwich I, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian GT XI Investment, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Holdings NJ, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Manalapan Acquisition, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Northeast Services, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Properties of Red Bank, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Serenity Walk at Plainsboro, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Southern New Jersey, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Villages at Hays Mill Creek, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian's Aegean at Asbury Park Urban Renewal, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian's Baltic at Asbury Park Urban Renewal, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian's Cove at Asbury Park Urban Renewal, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Bella Vista, LLC 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN'S FOUR SEASONS AT COLTS FARM, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian's Woodlands at Freehold, LLC 

NJ 

LANDARAMA, INC. 

NJ 

M M at Monroe Woods, L.L.C. 

NJ 

M M at Chesterfield, L.L.C. 

NJ 

M M at West Orange, L.L.C. 

NJ 

Matzel Mumford at Egg Harbor, L.L.C. 

NJ 

MCNJ, Inc. 

NJ 

MM-Beachfront North I, LLC 

NJ 

Route 1 and Route 522, L.L.C. 

NJ 

Terrapin Realty, L.L.C. 

NJ 

The Matzel Mumford Organization, Inc 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian at Waldwick, LLC 

NJ 

K. Hovnanian Classics, L.L.C. 

NJ 

K. HOVNANIAN COMPANIES OF NEW YORK, INC. 

NY 

K. Hovnanian Developments of New York, Inc. 

NY 

K. Hovnanian Aberdeen, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Asbury Pointe, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Auld Farms, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Aspire at Weston Place, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Booth Farm, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Cooper's Landing, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Country View Estates, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Hampshire Farms, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Harvest Meadows, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Hawk Ridge, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian at Heritage Park, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Belden Pointe, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Buckeye Ridge, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Build on Your Lot Division, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Cleveland Division, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Cornerstone Farms, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Edgebrook, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Falls Pointe, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Forest Lakes, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Forest Valley, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Four Seasons at Chestnut Ridge, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Hidden Hollow, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Highland Ridge, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Indian Trails, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian LaDue Reserve, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Lakes of Green, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Landings 40s, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Meadow Lakes, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Monarch Grove, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Northpointe 40s, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Norton Place, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Ohio Realty, L.L.C. 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Ohio Region, Inc. 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Redfern Trails, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Rivendale, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Schady Reserve, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Village Glen, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Waterbury, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian White Road, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Woodland Pointe, LLC 

OH 

MIDWEST BUILDING PRODUCTS CONTRACTOR SERVICES, L.L.C. 

OH 

New Home Realty, LLC 

OH 

K. HOVNANIAN OHIO OPERATIONS, LLC 

OH 

K. Hovnanian Woodridge Place, LLC 

OH 

Builder Services PA, L.L.C. 

PA 

Eastern National Abstract, Inc. 

PA 

GTIS-HOV Warminster LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Allentown, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. HOVNANIAN AT CAMP HILL, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Doylestown, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Lower Macungie Township I, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Lower Macungie Township II, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Lower Makefield Township I, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Middletown, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Northampton, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. HOVNANIAN AT PHILADELPHIA I, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. HOVNANIAN AT RAPHO, L.L.C 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Silver Spring, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Upper Uwchlan II, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Upper Uwchlan, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Whitemarsh, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Pennsylvania, Inc. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian Eastern Pennsylvania, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. HOVNANIAN HOMES OF PENNSYLVANIA, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian PA Real Estate, Inc. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian Pennsylvania Build on Your Lot Division, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian Pennsylvania New GC, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian Pennsylvania Operations, LLC 

PA 

Midwest Building Products Contractor Services of Pennsylvania, L.L.C. 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Upper Providence, LLC 

PA 

K. Hovnanian at Coosaw Point, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Fox Path at Hampton Lake, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Hammock Breeze, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Hampton Lake, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Lakes at New Riverside, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Liberty Hill Farm, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Magnolia Place, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Pinckney Farm, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian at Pine Crest, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian CraftBuilt Homes of South Carolina, L.L.C. 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Salt Creek Landing, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Shell Hall, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at St. James Place, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at The Abby, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Homes at The Paddocks, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian South Carolina Operations, LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian Southeast Coastal Division, Inc. 

SC 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Lakes of Cane Bay LLC 

SC 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Malind Bluff, LLC 

SC 

Shell Hall Club Amenity Acquisition, LLC 

SC 

Shell Hall Land Acquisition, LLC 

SC 

Eastern National Title Agency Texas, Inc. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Texas, Inc. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Agave Ranch, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Ascend at Creekshaw, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Ascend at Justin Crossing, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Aspire at Summit Hill, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Auburn Farms, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Bayside, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Belmont, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Berkshire II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Berkshire, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Bluff Creek, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Caldwell Lakes, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Calloway Trails, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Canyon Falls, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Carillon, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Commodore at Preston, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Courts at Bonnie Brae, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Creekside Estates II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Diamond Creek Estates, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Division, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Elevon, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Encore of Las Colinas II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Encore of Las Colinas, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Harmon Farms, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Heritage Crossing, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Heron Pond, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW High Pointe, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Hightower, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Homestead, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Inspiration, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Kensington Place, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Lexington, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Liberty Crossing II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Liberty Crossing, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Liberty, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Light Farms Cypress III, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Light Farms II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Light Farms, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Midtown Park, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Milrany Ranch, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Monterra, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Mustang Lakes II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Mustang Lakes, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW North Creek, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Oakmont Park II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Oakmont Park, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Palisades, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Parkside, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Parkview, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Ridgeview, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Sanford Park, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Sapphire Bay, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Seventeen Lakes, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW South Pointe, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW The Parks at Rosehill, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Trailwood II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Trailwood, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Villas at Mustang Park, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Villas at The Station, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Watson Creek, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Wellington Estates South, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Wellington Villas, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Wellington, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Wildridge, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Distribution Services, Inc. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Homes - DFW II, L.L.C. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Homes - DFW, L.L.C. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Balmoral, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Bayou Oaks at West Orem, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Cambridge Heights, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston City Heights, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Creek Bend, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Division, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Dry Creek Village, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Eldridge Park, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Greatwood Lake, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Katy Pointe II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Katy Pointe, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Kingdom Heights, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Lakes of Bella Terra West II, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Lakes of Bella Terra West, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Laurel Glen, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Magnolia Creek, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Marvida, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Midtown Park I, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Park Lakes East, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Parkway Trails, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston River Farms, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Sunset Ranch, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Terra Del Sol, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Thunder Bay Subdivision, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Tranquility Lake Estates, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Westwood, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Willowpoint, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Houston Woodshore, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian of Houston II, L.L.C. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian of Houston III, L.L.C. 

TX 

K. Hovnanian Texas Operations, LLC 

TX 

PARK TITLE COMPANY, LLC 

TX 

K. Hovnanian DFW Creekside Estates, LLC 

TX 

Eastern National Title Agency Virginia, Inc. 

VA 

GTIS-HOV Residences at Dulles Parkway LLC 

VA 

GTIS-HOV Willowsford Windmill LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Alexander Lakes, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Bellewood, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Bensen's Mill Estates, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Canter V, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Dominion Crossing, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at East Chase, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Embrey Mill Village, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Embrey Mill, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Estates at Wheatlands, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Estates of Chancellorsville, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Gallery Park at Westfields, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Hampton Run, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Highland Park, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Holly Ridge, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Hunter's Pond, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Jacks Run, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Jackson Village, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Lake Ridge Estates, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Laurel Hills Crossing, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Lenah Woods, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Madison Square, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Melody Farm, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at New Post, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Nicholson, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at North Hill, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at North Ridge, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Raymond Farm, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Reserves at Wheatlands, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Residence at Discovery Square, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Rockland Village Green, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Rocky Run Village, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Signal Hill, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Summit Crossing Estates, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Tanager, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at The Boulevards at Westfields, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Townes at County Center, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Village of Round Hill, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Waterford, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Wellsprings, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Willowsford Greens III, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Developments of Virginia, Inc. 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Burke Junction, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Leigh Mill, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Thompson's Grant, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Willowsford Grange, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Willowsford Grant II, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Willowsford Grant, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Willowsford Greens, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Willowsford New, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Mid-Atlantic Division, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Summit Holdings, L.L.C. 

VA 

K. Hovnanian Virginia Operations, Inc. 

VA 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Charlottesville II, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at New Kent Vineyards, L.L.C. 

VA 

K. Hovnanian's Four Seasons at Virginia Crossing, LLC 

VA 

K. Hovnanian at Dillon Farm, LLC 

WV 

K. Hovnanian at Huntfield, LLC 

WV 

K. Hovnanian Developments of West Virginia, Inc. 

WV 

K. Hovnanian Homes at Shenandoah Springs, LLC 

WV 

K. Hovnanian West Virginia Build on Your Lot Division, LLC 

WV 

K. Hovnanian West Virginia Operations, LLC 

WV 

Midwest Building Products Contractor Services of West Virginia, L.L.C. 

WV 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.A>
 3
 ex_290256.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.A

ex_290256.htm 

Exhibit 23(a) 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our report dated January 4, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2021: 

1. 

Registration Statements Nos. 333-113758, 333-106756, and 333-92977 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2008 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (which superseded and replaced the Amended and Restated 1999 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan), and Hovnanian Enterprises. Inc. Senior Executive Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated; 

2. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56972 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 1983 Stock Option Plan as amended and restated; 

3. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56640 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Washington Homes Employee Stock Option Plan; 

4. 

Registration Statement No. 333-180668 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan; 

5. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-194542, 333-210218 and 333-230417 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan; and 

6. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-239045 and 333-254853 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2020 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. 

/s/Deloitte Touche LLP 

New York, New York 

 January 4, 2022 

</EX-23.A>

<EX-23.B>
 4
 ex_290257.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.B

ex_290257.htm 

Exhibit 23(b) 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our report dated December 22, 2020, relating to the consolidated financial statements of GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC and its subsidiaries as of October 31, 2020, and for the each of the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2021: 

1. 

Registration Statements Nos. 333-113758, 333-106756, and 333-92977 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2008 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (which superseded and replaced the Amended and Restated 1999 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan), and Hovnanian Enterprises. Inc. Senior Executive Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated; 

2. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56972 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 1983 Stock Option Plan as amended and restated; 

3. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56640 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Washington Homes Employee Stock Option Plan; 

4. 

Registration Statement No. 333-180668 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan; 

5. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-194542, 333-210218 and 333-230417 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan; and 

6. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-239045 and 333-254853 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2020 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. 

/s/Deloitte Touche LLP 

New York, New York 

 January 4, 2022 

</EX-23.B>

<EX-23.C>
 5
 ex_290258.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.C

ex_290258.htm 

Exhibit 23(c) 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of our report dated December 19, 2019, relating to the consolidated financial statements of GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC and its subsidiaries as of October 31, 2019, and for the years ended October 31, 2019 and 2018, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. for the year ended October 31, 2021: 

1. 

Registration Statements Nos. 333-113758, 333-106756, and 333-92977 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2008 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (which superseded and replaced the Amended and Restated 1999 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan), and Hovnanian Enterprises. Inc. Senior Executive Short-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated; 

2. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56972 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. 1983 Stock Option Plan as amended and restated; 

3. 

Registration Statement No. 333-56640 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Washington Homes Employee Stock Option Plan; 

4. 

Registration Statement No. 333-180668 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan; 

5. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-194542, 333-210218 and 333-230417 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2012 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan; and 

6. 

Registration Statement Nos. 333-239045 and 333-254853 on Form S-8 pertaining to the 2020 Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

New York, New York 

 January 4, 2022 

</EX-23.C>

<EX-31.A>
 6
 ex_290259.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.A

ex_290259.htm 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 Exhibit 31(a) 

I, Ara K. Hovnanian, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021 of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 4, 2022 

/s/ARA K. HOVNANIAN 
Ara K. Hovnanian 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 7
 ex_290260.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.B

ex_290260.htm 

CERTIFICATIONS 

 Exhibit 31(b) 

I, J. Larry Sorsby, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2021 of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: January 4, 2022 

/s/J. LARRY SORSBY 
J. Larry Sorsby 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32.A>
 8
 ex_290261.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.A

ex_290261.htm 

Exhibit 32(a) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (the Company on Form 10 K for the year ended October 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ara K. Hovnanian, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 4, 2022 

/s/ARA K. HOVNANIAN 
Ara K. Hovnanian 
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.A>

<EX-32.B>
 9
 ex_290262.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.B

ex_290262.htm 

Exhibit 32(b) 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (the Company on Form 10 K for the year ended October 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, J. Larry Sorsby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: January 4, 2022 

/s/J. LARRY SORSBY 
J. Larry Sorsby 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.B>

<EX-99.A>
 10
 ex_290263.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.A

ex_290263.htm 

Exhibit 99.a 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

			 As Of June 30, 2021 And October 31, 2020 And For The Period Ended June 30, 2021 And The Years Ended October 31, 2020 And 2019 With Independent Auditors Report 

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

As Of June 30, 2021 And October 31, 2020 And For The Period 

 Ended June 30, 2021 And The Years Ended October 31, 2020 And 2019 

Contents 

Independent Auditors' Report 

1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

6-11 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 

To the Members of 
GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 
Matawan, New Jersey 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC and its subsidiaries (the "Company"), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members' equity, and cash flows for each of the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

Auditors' Responsibility 

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Opinion 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC and its subsidiaries as of October 31, 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

New York, New York 

 December 22, 2020 

1

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

June 30, 2021 

October 31, 2020 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

498 

10,082 

Restricted cash 

2,237 

2,503 

Receivables and deposits 

6,981 

1,125 

Inventories: 

Land and land development 

22,534 

25,620 

Construction in process 

9,158 

7,617 

Consolidated inventory not owned 

3,311 

3,309 

Total inventories 

35,003 

36,546 

Prepaid expenses 

1,255 

1,470 

Total assets 

45,974 

51,726 

Liabilities and Members equity 

Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs 

4,500 

4,440 

Liabilities from inventory not owned, net of debt issuance costs 

2,620 

2,610 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

9,365 

12,968 

Customers deposits 

1,963 

1,902 

Total liabilities 

18,448 

21,920 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Members equity 

27,526 

29,806 

Total liabilities and members equity 

45,974 

51,726 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

2

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Period Ended 

			 June 30, 2021 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 2020 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 2019 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Revenue: 

Sale of homes 

29,158 

98,961 

220,440 

Other revenue 

76 

101 

672 

Total revenue 

29,234 

99,062 

221,112 

Expenses: 

Direct costs: 

Land and land development 

7,941 

33,178 

70,916 

Construction 

13,440 

38,718 

88,076 

Other 

1,197 

4,554 

9,863 

Direct cost of sales 

22,578 

76,450 

168,855 

Cost of sales interest 

99 

3,688 

9,276 

Indirect cost of sales: 

Construction and service overhead 

1,136 

3,286 

5,272 

Other 

714 

1,501 

2,888 

Total indirect cost of sales 

1,850 

4,787 

8,160 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

2,302 

6,956 

15,622 

Interest expense 

185 

259 

241 

Net income 

2,220 

6,922 

18,958 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

For The Period Ended June 30, 2021 And The Years Ended October 31, 2020 And 2019 

K. Hovnanian 

GT V 

Hov V 

Investment, 

Parallel 

GTIS Hov V 

LLC 

Blocker LLC 

Co-Invest LP 

Total 

Balance at October 31, 2018 

41,627 

1,005 

7,319 

49,951 

Net income 

15,798 

382 

2,778 

18,958 

Distributions 

(13,271 

(320 

(2,334 

(15,925 

Balance at October 31, 2019 

44,154 

1,067 

7,763 

52,984 

Net income 

5,768 

139 

1,015 

6,922 

Distributions 

(25,083 

(606 

(4,411 

(30,100 

Balance at October 31, 2020 

24,839 

600 

4,367 

29,806 

Net income 

1,850 

45 

325 

2,220 

Distributions 

(3,750 

(91 

(659 

(4,500 

Purchase of equity interest (1) 

4,587 

(554 

(4,033 

- 

Balance at June 30, 2021 (unaudited) 

27,526 

- 

- 

27,526 

(1) On June 30, 2021, K. Hovnanian GT Investment, LLC purchased the remaining membership interest from Hov V Parallel Blocker LLC and GTIS Hov V Co-Invest LP. See Note 1 for further detail. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Period Ended 

			 June 30, 2021 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 2020 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 2019 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Operating activities 

Net income 

2,220 

6,922 

18,958 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

17 

64 

739 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Depreciation 

24 

23 

83 

Receivables, deposits and prepaid expenses 

(5,665 

2,232 

2,211 

Inventories 

1,543 

25,381 

61,665 

Accounts payable, other liabilities and accrued interest 

(3,603 

(595 

(10,341 

Customers deposits 

61 

(78 

(3,620 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(5,403 

33,949 

69,695 

Financing activities 

Member distributions 

(4,500 

(30,100 

(15,925 

Proceeds from notes payable 

2,040 

22,101 

41,351 

Payments related to notes payable 

(1,980 

(32,927 

(96,654 

Proceeds from model sale leaseback financing program 

- 

2,650 

- 

Payments related to model sale leaseback financing program 

- 

- 

(593 

Deferred financing costs from model financing program and notes payable 

(7 

(82 

(89 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(4,447 

(38,358 

(71,910 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(9,850 

(4,409 

(2,215 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance, beginning of year 

12,585 

16,994 

19,209 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance, end of year 

2,735 

12,585 

16,994 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flows: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

185 

312 

394 

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

498 

10,082 

14,234 

Restricted cash 

2,237 

2,503 

2,760 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

2,735 

12,585 

16,994 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As Of And For The Period Ended June 30, 2021 (unaudited) 

 And The Years Ended October 31, 2020 And 2019 

1. Description of Business 

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC (with its subsidiaries, the Company is a residential home developer that markets its products in Arizona, California, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, South Carolina and Virginia. All construction activity is performed by subcontractors supervised by the Company. 

On April 29, 2016, K. Hovnanian GT V Investment, LLC K-Hov (a subsidiary of K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.) entered into a joint venture agreement with Hov V Parallel Blocker LLC and GTIS Hov V Co-Invest LP (collectively, GTIS (both affiliates of GTIS Partners) to develop, construct, and sell residential communities. The Company purchased eight properties from other subsidiaries of K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and one property from a third party. All properties were purchased at fair value. During Fiscal 2017, the Company purchased one property from a subsidiary of K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. and two properties from a third party. 

The Company is a limited-life entity. As the existing lots are developed, built on, and sold, operations will decline and cease when all the homes have been delivered. In accordance with the joint venture agreement, dissolution must ultimately occur no later than December 31, 2065. Capital was contributed by K-Hov and GTIS in the following proportion: 83.3333 by K-Hov; and 14.6551 and 2.0116 by GTIS. The joint venture agreement specifies how profits and losses and cash distributions are allocated to the investors. Also, in accordance with the joint venture agreement, K-Hov is the managing member, with all significant decisions shared equally by both members. 

As of June 30, 2021, K-Hov purchased the remaining membership interest from GTIS. As a result, all of the remaining assets and liabilities were subsequently assigned to K-Hov. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and include the Company s accounts and those of its wholly owned subsidiaries after elimination of all intercompany balances and transactions. 

6

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash includes deposits in checking accounts. Our cash and cash equivalents are held at financial institutions and may, at times, exceed insurable amounts. The Company believes that it mitigates the risk by depositing the cash and cash equivalents in major financial institutions. 

Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash includes cash collateralizing the per home warranty service dollars discussed below. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory is determined to be impaired, in which case the inventory is written down to its fair value. Inventories of houses include all direct costs of construction, plus capitalized costs, including construction administration, property taxes, interest, and legal fees that relate to development projects. Land, land development, and common facility costs are accumulated by development and are allocated to homes within each development based on buildable acres to product types within each community, which, along with direct construction costs, are allocated to each unit and relieved through cost of sales using the specific identification method. 

Start-up costs incurred in connection with planned developments are expected to be recovered from the sale of homes and are capitalized. Management periodically reviews the feasibility of planned developments and expenses the costs of developments that are abandoned or which cannot be recovered through the realization of future sales revenue. 

The Company records impairment losses on inventories related to communities under development when events and circumstances indicate they may be impaired and the Company will not be able to recover its recorded investment. For the period ended June 30, 2021 and for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not record any inventory impairments. 

Consolidated inventory not owned consists of certain model sale leasebacks that are included on the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. Some of the assets acquired by the Company included certain model homes sold and leased back with the right to participate in the potential profit when each home is sold to a third party at the end of the respective lease. As a result of this continued involvement, for accounting purposes in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606-10, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, these sale and leaseback transactions are considered a financing transaction rather than a sale. 

7

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

During fiscal 2020, the Company sold and leased back certain of its model homes in one of its existing communities. Therefore, for purposes of the balance sheet, as of June 30, 2021 and October 31, 2020, inventory of 3.3 million was recorded to Consolidated inventory not owned, with a corresponding amount of 2.6 million recorded to Liabilities from inventories not owned. 

Interest 

Interest attributable to properties under development during the land development and home construction period is capitalized and expensed along with the associated cost of sales as the related inventories are sold. Interest incurred in excess of interest capitalized is expensed immediately. 

Warranty Allowances 

The Company warranties a home for most ordinary defects generally for the first year of ownership and for major structural defects for the first 10 years of ownership. All warranty services will be provided by and are the responsibility of an affiliate of K-Hov. The Company pays a fixed fee per house (varies for each community) at closing. These fees are deposited into restricted cash accounts maintained by the Company until approvals are granted which allow for reimbursement to be paid to such affiliate, K. Hovnanian JV Services Company, L.L.C., to cover the cost of the warranty services after they have been incurred. Additions and charges to the warranty reserve, which is included in Accounts payable and other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were as follows: 

(In thousands) 

Period Ended 

			 June 30, 2021 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 2020 

Balance, beginning of period 

2,470 

2,776 

Additions 

198 

588 

Charges 

(464 

(894 

Balance, end of period 

2,204 

2,470 

8

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Advertising Costs 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs expensed totaled 0.2 million, 0.5 million and 1.4 million for the period ended June 30, 2021 and for the years ended October 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and are included in Selling, general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Income Taxes 

A limited liability company is not subject to the payment of federal or state income taxes, as the components of its income and expenses flow through directly to the members. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and these differences could have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

3. Related-Party Transactions 

As the managing member of the Company, K-Hov provides certain services to the Company. In connection with providing these services, K-Hov receives fees, which are summarized as follows: 

Administrative charge 

4 of home sales revenue 

Insurance charge 

6,840 per home sold Arizona 

6,679 per home sold Illinois 

6,605 per home sold California 

6,348 per home sold Maryland 

8,099 per home sold New Jersey 

6,605 per home sold South Carolina 

6,155 per home sold Virginia 

9

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Warranty services charge 

2,038 per home sold Arizona 

5,276 per home sold California 

1,559 per home sold Illinois 

5,564 per home sold Maryland 

3,597 per home sold New Jersey 

2,871 per home sold South Carolina 

5,036 per home sold Virginia 

The administrative and insurance charges are included in Selling, general and administrative expense and the warranty services charge is included in Indirect cost of sales Other on the consolidated statements of operations. 

The following table summarizes the related party fees incurred: 

(In thousands) 

Period Ended 

			 June 30, 2021 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 

			 2020 

Year Ended 

			 October 31, 

			 2019 

Administrative charge 

1,139 

3,840 

8,580 

Insurance charge 

457 

1,379 

2,718 

Warranty services charge 

198 

588 

1,457 

4. Notes Payable 

The Company had a secured promissory note with a lender that is an affiliate of GTIS that would have matured on April 30, 2023. As of October 31, 2019, this note, and all accrued interest associated therewith, was paid in full. Interest was payable monthly at a rate of 16 per annum, which could have been deferred and added to the unpaid principal balance, and thereafter, could be subject to interest at the note rate. The note was secured by all of the Company s property and improvements, except for properties with separate secured loans described herein. The Company also had community-specific project financing in certain communities, secured by the related property and improvements. The total commitment for these loans as of June 30, 2021 and October 31, 2020 was 7.5 million and 4.4 million, respectively. Interest on amounts drawn was payable monthly at a rate of 6.0 as of June 30, 2021 and October 31, 2020. As of June 30, 2021 and October 31, 2020, the total amount drawn on all loans was 4.5 million and 4.4 million, respectively. 

10

GTIS-HOV Holdings V LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company is not currently involved in any claims or legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. If the Company were to become involved in any, management would decide, based on the facts and circumstances at that time, if the ultimate disposition of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and assess whether a contingent liability would be necessary. 

6. Subsequent Events 

The Company evaluated subsequent events that took place after June 30, 2021, through January 4, 2022, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. The Company is not aware of any subsequent events, other than the purchase of member interest by K-Hov as described in Note 1, that require disclosure in or adjustments to the consolidated financial statements as of June 30, 2021. 

11

</EX-99.A>

<EX-99.B>
 11
 ex_290264.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.B

ex_290264.htm 

Exhibit 99.b 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

			 As Of October 28, 2020 And October 31, 2019 And For The 

			 Period Ended October 28, 2020 And The Years Ended 

			 October 31, 2019 And 2018 With Independent Auditors Report 

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

As Of October 28, 2020 And October 31, 2019 And For The Period 

 Ended October 28, 2020 And The Years Ended October 31, 2019 And 2018 

Contents 

Independent Auditors' Report 
			 1 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
			 2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
			 3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 
			 4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
			 5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
			 6-10 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT 

To the Members of 

 GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

 Matawan, New Jersey 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial statements of GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC and its subsidiaries (the "Company"), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2019, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members' equity, and cash flows for each of the years ended October 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; this includes the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

Auditors' Responsibility 

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatement. 

An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected depend on the auditor s judgment, including the assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to the Company's preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Opinion 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC and its subsidiaries as of October 31, 2019, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years ended October 31, 2019 and 2018, in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

New York, New York 

 December 19, 2019 

1

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

October 28, 2020 

October 31, 2019 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

2,936 

2,486 

Restricted cash 

430 

632 

Receivables and deposits 

322 

550 

Inventories: 

Land and land development 

- 

8,654 

Construction in process 

- 

6,703 

Total inventories 

- 

15,357 

Prepaid expenses 

6 

485 

Total assets 

3,694 

19,510 

Liabilities and Members equity 

Notes payable, net of debt issuance costs 

- 

2,992 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

3,829 

5,918 

Customers deposits 

- 

657 

Accrued interest 

- 

37 

Total liabilities 

3,829 

9,604 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 5) 

Members equity 

(135 

9,906 

Total liabilities and members equity 

3,694 

19,510 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

2

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 (Dollars in Thousands) 

Period Ended 
			October 28, 2020 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2019 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2018 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Revenue: 

Sale of homes 

32,127 

75,353 

70,790 

Other revenue 

174 

34 

7 

Total revenue 

32,301 

75,387 

70,797 

Expenses: 

Direct costs: 

Land and land development 

11,766 

25,887 

25,167 

Construction 

10,021 

24,086 

21,540 

Other 

998 

2,390 

2,395 

Direct cost of sales 

22,785 

52,363 

49,102 

Cost of sales interest 

936 

2,790 

1,793 

Indirect cost of sales: 

Construction and service overhead 

1,069 

1,532 

1,196 

Other 

(89 

1,205 

1,485 

Total indirect cost of sales 

980 

2,737 

2,681 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

2,236 

5,288 

5,203 

Interest expense 

105 

240 

1,020 

Net income 

5,259 

11,969 

10,998 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

3

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

 (Dollars in Thousands) 

For The Period Ended October 28, 2020 And The 

 Years Ended October 31, 2019 And 2018 

K. Hovnanian 
			GT VI 
			Investment, 
			LLC 

Honeywell 
			Parallel 
			Blocker 
			LLC 

GTIS US 
			Residential 
			Strategies 
			Fund II LP 

Total 

Balance at October 31, 2017 

4,311 

349 

169 

4,829 

Capital Contributions 

675 

55 

26 

756 

Net income 

9,820 

795 

383 

10,998 

Balance at October 31, 2018 

14,806 

1,199 

578 

16,583 

Net Income 

10,687 

865 

417 

11,969 

Distributions 

(16,648 

(1,348 

(650 

(18,646 

Balance at October 31, 2019 

8,845 

716 

345 

9,906 

Net Income 

4,681 

390 

188 

5,259 

Distributions 

(13,661 

(1,106 

(533 

(15,300 

Balance at October 28, 2020 (unaudited) 

(135 

- 

- 

(135 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

4

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(Dollars in Thousands) 

Period Ended 
			October 28, 2020 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2019 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2018 

(Unaudited) 

(Audited) 

(Audited) 

Operating activities 

Net income 

5,259 

11,969 

10,998 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

49 

157 

157 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables, deposits and prepaid expenses 

708 

2,586 

(1,940 

Inventories 

15,357 

17,688 

8,847 

Accounts payable, other liabilities and accrued interest 

(2,126 

(2,449 

3,643 

Customers deposits 

(658 

(888 

(276 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

18,589 

29,063 

21,429 

Financing activities 

Member contributions 

- 

- 

756 

Member distributions 

(15,300 

(18,646 

- 

Proceeds from notes payable 

3,543 

22,859 

24,510 

Payments related to notes payable 

(6,574 

(34,989 

(44,233 

Deferred financing costs from notes payable 

(10 

- 

- 

Net used in financing activities 

(18,341 

(30,776 

(18,967 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

248 

(1,713 

2,462 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance, beginning of year 

3,118 

4,831 

2,369 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash balance, end of year 

3,366 

3,118 

4,831 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flows: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

143 

2,445 

4,098 

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

2,936 

2,486 

4,503 

Restricted cash 

430 

632 

328 

Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

3,366 

3,118 

4,831 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

5

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 As Of And For The Period Ended October 28, 2020 (unaudited) 

 And The Years Ended October 31, 2019 And 2018 

1. Description of Business 

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC (with its subsidiaries, the Company is a residential home developer that markets its products in New Jersey. All construction activity is performed by subcontractors supervised by the Company. 

On February 24, 2017, K. Hovnanian GT VI Investment, LLC K-Hov (a subsidiary of K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.) entered into a joint venture agreement with Honeywell Parallel Blocker LLC and US Residential Strategies Fund II LP (collectively, GTIS (both affiliates of GTIS Partners) to develop, construct, and sell residential communities. The Company purchased the property from another subsidiary of K. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc., which was purchased at fair value. 

The Company is a limited-life entity. As the existing lots are developed, built on, and sold, operations will decline and cease when all the homes have been delivered. In accordance with the joint venture agreement, dissolution must ultimately occur no later than December 31, 2065. Capital was contributed by K-Hov and GTIS in the following proportion: 89.2857 by K-Hov; and 7.2283 and 3.4860 by GTIS. The joint venture agreement specifies how profits and losses and cash distributions are allocated to the investors. Also in accordance with the joint venture agreement, K-Hov is the managing member, with all significant decisions shared equally by both members. 

As of October 28, 2020, 100 of the membership interest in the Company was transferred to K-Hov. As a result, all of the remaining assets and liabilities were subsequently transferred to K-Hov. 

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and include the Company s accounts and those of its wholly owned subsidiaries after elimination of all intercompany balances and transactions. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Cash includes deposits in checking accounts. Our cash and cash equivalents are held at financial institutions and may, at times, exceed insurable amounts. The Company believes that it mitigates the risk by depositing the cash and cash equivalents in major financial institutions. 

6

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

Restricted Cash 

Restricted cash includes cash collateralizing the per home warranty service dollars discussed below. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory is determined to be impaired, in which case the inventory is written down to its fair value. Inventories of houses include all direct costs of construction, plus capitalized costs, including construction administration, property taxes, interest, and legal fees that relate to development projects. Land, land development, and common facility costs are accumulated by development and are allocated to homes within each development based on buildable acres to product types within each community, which, along with direct construction costs, are allocated to each unit and relieved through cost of sales using the specific identification method. 

Start-up costs incurred in connection with planned developments are expected to be recovered from the sale of homes and are capitalized. Management periodically reviews the feasibility of planned developments and expenses the costs of developments that are abandoned or which cannot be recovered through the realization of future sales revenue. 

The Company records impairment losses on inventories related to communities under development when events and circumstances indicate they may be impaired and the Company will not be able to recover its recorded investment. The Company has not recorded any inventory impairments since inception. 

Interest 

Interest attributable to properties under development during the land development and home construction period is capitalized and expensed along with the associated cost of sales as the related inventories are sold. Interest incurred in excess of interest capitalized is expensed immediately. 

Warranty Allowances 

The Company warranties a home for most ordinary defects generally for the first year of ownership and for major structural defects for the first 10 years of ownership. All warranty services will be provided by and are the responsibility of an affiliate of K-Hov. The Company pays a fixed fee per house at closing. 

7

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

These fees are deposited into restricted cash accounts maintained by the Company until approvals are granted which allow for reimbursement to be paid to such affiliate, K. Hovnanian JV Services Company, L.L.C., to cover the cost of the warranty services after they have been incurred. Additions and charges to the warranty reserve, which is included in Accounts payable and other liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, were as follows: 

(In thousands) 

Period Ended 
			October 31, 2020 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2019 

Balance, beginning of period 

628 

326 

Additions 

144 

374 

Charges 

(772 

(72 

Balance, end of period 

- 

628 

Advertising Costs 

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs expensed totaled 0.2 million, 0.3 million and 0.4 million in the period ended October 28, 2020 and the years ended October 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and are included in Selling, general and administrative expense on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Income Taxes 

A limited liability company is not subject to the payment of federal or state income taxes, as the components of its income and expenses flow through directly to the members. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and these differences could have a significant impact on the financial statements. 

8

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

3. Related-Party Transactions 

As the managing member of the Company, K-Hov provides certain services to the Company. In connection with providing these services, K-Hov receives fees, which are summarized as follows: 

Administrative charge 

4 of home sales revenue 

Warranty services charge 

3,600 per home sold 

The administrative charge is included in Selling, general and administrative expense, and the warranty services charge is included in Indirect cost of sales Other on the consolidated statement of operations. 

The following table summarizes the related party fees incurred: 

(In thousands) 

Period Ended 
			October 28, 2020 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2019 

Year Ended 
			October 31, 2018 

Administrative charge 

1,221 

2,818 

2,699 

Warranty services charge 

144 

374 

328 

4. Notes Payable 

The Company had a secured promissory note with a lender that is an affiliate of GTIS that would have matured on April 30, 2023. As of October 31, 2019, the note was paid in full. Interest was payable monthly at a rate of 10 per annum plus additional interest up to an 18 internal rate of return for the lender, which could have been deferred and added to the unpaid principal balance, and thereafter, could have been subject to interest at the note rate. The note was secured by all of the Company s property and improvements except for properties with separate secured loans described herein. The Company also had community-specific project financing in its community, secured by the related property and improvements. The total commitment for these loans as of October 28, 2020 and 2019 was zero and 40.0 million, respectively. Interest on amounts drawn was payable monthly at a rate of the lender s prime with a floor of 5.0 per annum. As of October 28, 2020 and 2019, the total amount drawn on all loans was zero and 3.0 million, respectively. As of October 28, 2020 and 2019, total accrued and unpaid interest for all notes payable was zero and less than 0.1 million, respectively. 

5. Commitments and Contingencies 

The Company is not currently involved in any claims or legal actions arising in the ordinary course of its business. If the Company were to become involved in any, management would decide, based on the facts and circumstances at that time, if the ultimate disposition of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements and assess whether a contingent liability would be necessary. 

9

GTIS-HOV Holdings VI LLC 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued) 

6. Subsequent Events 

The Company evaluated subsequent events that took place after October 28, 2020, through January 4, 2022, the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. The Company is not aware of any subsequent events, other than the transfer to K-Hov as described in Note 1, that require disclosure in or adjustments to the consolidated financial statements as of October 28, 2020. 

10

</EX-99.B>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 hov-20211031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 hov-20211031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 hov-20211031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 hov-20211031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 hov-20211031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

