<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220103_10-K_edgar_data_1622231_0001640334-22-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3907488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>114369</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>692350</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>936855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>923244</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1154342</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-22-000006.hdr.sgml : 20220103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220103125005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-22-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BOATIM INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001622231
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				844779679
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-200629
		FILM NUMBER:		22501329

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7950 NW 53RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 337
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33166
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(305) 239-9993

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7950 NW 53RD STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 337
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33166

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Emerald Data Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20141014

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-22-000006.txt : 20220103

10-K
 1
 btim_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

btim_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to______________ Commission file number . (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None N/A Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based upon the price 0.90) at which the common stock was last sold as of February 28, 2021, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed fiscal year, multiplied by the approximate number of shares of common stock held by persons other than executive officers, directors and five percent stockholders of the registrant without conceding that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws. As of December 30, 2021, there were common shares issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE No documents are incorporated into the text by reference. Part I Item 1 Business 4 Item 1A Risk Factors 6 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 10 Item 2 Properties 10 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 10 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 10 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 11 Item 6 Selected Financial Data 12 Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 12 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 14 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 15 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 33 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 33 Item 9B Other Information 34 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 34 Item 11 Executive Compensation 35 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 37 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 38 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 41 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 42 Signatures 43 2 PART I SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are not historical facts but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections. We may use words such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, believe, foresee, estimate and variations of these words and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted. These risks and uncertainties include the following: The availability and adequacy of our cash flow to meet our requirements; Economic, competitive, demographic, business and other conditions in our local and regional markets; Changes or developments in laws, regulations or taxes in our industry; Actions taken or omitted to be taken by third parties including our suppliers and competitors, as well as legislative, regulatory, judicial and other governmental authorities; Competition in our industry; The loss of or failure to obtain any license or permit necessary or desirable in the operation of our business; Changes in our business strategy, capital improvements or development plans; The availability of additional capital to support capital improvements and development; and Other risks identified in this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the SEC. This report should be read completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report and should be evaluated with consideration of any changes occurring after the date of this Report. We will not update forward-looking statements even though our situation may change in the future and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 3 General Our financial statements are stated in United States dollars US) and are prepared in accordance with the United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all references to common stock refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , Boatim" mean Boatim Inc., unless the context clearly requires otherwise. ITEM 1. BUSINESS General Information Following the acquisition and subsequent investment into the further development of the Boatim trading platform, Boatim Inc. successfully launched its online boat trading marketplace platform (boatim.com) during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, making it the company s primary business activity. Boatim Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada as Emerald Data Inc., a for-profit company on August 15, 2014 and established a fiscal year end of August 31. On January 24 th , 2019, the company name was changed to Boatim Inc. On April 29, 2019, Mr Wolfgang Tippner was appointed as a director and CEO of the company. On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Joseph Johnson, as a member of the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Tippner resigned from his position as CEO and Mr. Johnson began his tenure on July 2, 2021. The largest shareholder of Boatim Inc. with a holding of 32,766,667 shares of common stocks is JTT Global Ventures Ltd. That position represents 63.28 of the Company s voting rights. Boatim, Inc. established Boatim Europe S.L. Boatim Europe as a private limited company pursuant to the laws of Spain on December 18, 2019, with the Company having indirect control of one hundred percent of the issued and outstanding membership interests of Boatim Europe. Boatim Europe commenced operations in February 2020 and is engaged in the business of providing software development, marketing, and selling services for Boatim Inc. All membership interests of Boatim Europe are currently held in trust by the Company s CEO for practical reasons and only until the formal transfer into the name of Company has been completed according to the requirements of applicable Spanish law. In December 2020, the Company finalized the process of collecting and submitting all required paperwork to the Spanish authorities to enter Boatim Inc. as direct owner on public records in Spain, making Boatim Europe a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. On February 27, 2020 the Company received OTC approval on its uplisting to the OTCQB venture market exchange, which is a well recognized trading market for smaller fast growing companies which meet certain reporting and transparency procedures, which are a prerequisite to be admitted to this market. The Company trades under the ticker symbol BTIM . On May 29, 2020, the uplisting was followed by DTC s confirmation and setting live of the Company s stock DWAC capability, a technical back-end feature allowing brokers to clear the Company s stocks directly broker to broker a capability allowing for fast and seamless settlements and thus commonly better trading volumes in a stock. 4 Principal Products, Services, and Their Markets Since the acquisition of the Boatim software platform and the creation of an additional business line, management has focused on operating a global online boat marketplace as its primary business line. We intend to combine our strengths in data-driven technology businesses, the growing online boating community, and our digital marketing capabilities to offer a rolling subscription for service model of access to the Boatim platform for the extensive market of global boat dealers, and intend to establish steady revenue streams this way. Our connection with the online communities in key markets, as well as our presence in the key boating communities of Florida and Barcelona, Spain, will be of substantial benefit when further rolling out our online marketplace product to dealers. Dealers will be able to purchase additional options to boost their listings, for example Featured Listings . In order to make the process as smooth and seamless as possible for new customers, Boatim recently launched in beta its Smart Connected Inventory TM offering, allowing dealers to automatically connect and manage their inventory on the Boatim platform. With the Boatim platform intended to attract many boat owners and sellers, we are creating a growing social and commercial community around the subject of boats. The community will be enhanced by relevant boating content from various sources, including internally developed by Boatim s own team. As the community grows in size and activity, it is intended to attract boat manufacturers, boat show promoters, and other trade players, which will create an additional revenue stream for paid advertising and sponsored content. Marketing To extend and publicize the latest industry trends, and promote its clients listings, Boatim Inc. intends to use direct and online marketing methods attract visitors to the platform to advertise their business. We intend to further expand the business with affiliate programs which will over time offer buyers a broader scope of services needed to successfully complete the hassle-free acquisition of a boat, including insurance, financing, and contract services. Where customers are referred through an affiliate program and ultimately make a completed purchase, we intend to receive a revenue share from the affiliate partner. Market Overview The world has arrived solidly in the next generation of connectivity and digital services and products. Regardless of industry, digital marketing and selling is increasingly used as a company s primary marketing tool for sales and services, thus increasing market reach and even introducing entirely new distribution channels. The boating market has 24.2 million private boat owners, and more than 1.5 million used boats are traded annually. For every boat owner, there are 5 prospective owners or those who are seriously interested in owning one. We estimate that there are over 100,000 relevant participants in the boat and yacht industry worldwide. According to research by Grand View Research, Inc., in 2019 the global market size for the new and used leisure boat market was 39.75 billion, and for the leisure boat rental market, 6.5 billion. Initial observations and media articles indicate that boating as a leisure and recreational activity has not suffered from a loss of interest as a result of the current global novel coronavirus pandemic. In fact, several market participants have noticed an increase in demand for leisure boats, given their ability to support distancing from other watercraft and their users, and the benefits of outdoor activity. 5 Competition There are several competing marketplaces for the buying, selling, and chartering of boats. Their competitive offers vary according to location, target segments, and approach to advertising and marketing. Boatim intends to establish a strong competitive offering against competing marketplaces by virtue of building digital products with an enhanced user experience, using data-driven analytics and technology, and dynamic marketing and digital advertising methods. Employees As of August 31, 2021, the group employed 7 people on a full-time basis, including its officers and directors, and regularly utilized the services of 10 independent contractors. Offices Since January 23, 2019 our principal executive offices are located at 7950 NW 53rd Street, Suite 337, Miami, FL 33166. Our phone number is (305)-239-9993. We also have an eight person office space located at Marina Port Vell Carrer de l'Escar, 26, 08039 Barcelona Spain with OneCoWork. Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Agreements, or Contracts As part of our business, we will seek to protect our intellectual property rights in various ways, including through trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, patents, patent applications, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights. We currently hold the following patent, trademark, or product license: Smart Connected Inventory TM ; Boatim TM . We have not entered into any vendor agreements or contracts that give or could give rise to any obligations or concessions. Government Regulation We are required to comply with all regulations, rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to the e-commerce trading platforms industry in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We do not believe that regulation will have a material impact on the way we conduct our business. Legal Proceedings We know of no material, existing or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder, is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our common shares are considered speculative. Prospective investors should consider carefully the risk factors set out below. An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this annual report before investing in our common stock. If any of the following risks occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be seriously harmed. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Pandemics Presently, the impact of COVID-19 has not shown any imminent adverse effects on our business. This notwithstanding, it is still unknown and difficult to predict what adverse effects, if any, COVID-19 can have on our business, or against the various aspects of same, or how COVID-19 will continue to effect the world as the virus case numbers rise and fall. 6 As of the date of this Annual Report, COVID-19 coronavirus has been declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and, has been declared a National Emergency by the United States Government. COVID-19 coronavirus caused significant volatility in global markets. The spread of COVID-19 coronavirus has caused public health officials to recommend precautions to mitigate the spread of the virus, especially as to travel and congregating in large numbers. In addition, certain countries, states and municipalities have enacted, quarantining and shelter-in-place regulations which severely limit the ability of people to move and travel and require non-essential businesses and organizations to close. While some places have lessened their shelter-in-place restrictions and travel bans, as they are removed there is no certainty that an outbreak will not occur and additional restrictions imposed again in response. It is unclear how such restrictions, which will contribute to a general slowdown in the global economy, will affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and our future strategic plans. Shelter-in-place and essential-only travel regulations could negatively impact us. The current status of COVID-19 coronavirus closures and restrictions could negatively impact our ability to receive funding from our existing capital sources as each business is and has been affected uniquely. If any of our employees, consultant, customers, or visitors were to become infected we could be forced to close our operations temporarily as a preventative measure to prevent the risk of spread which could also negatively impact our ability to receive funding from our existing capital sources as each business is and has been affected uniquely In addition, our headquarters are located in Miami, Florida which experienced restrictions on individuals and business shutdowns as the result of COVID-19. These COVID-19 closures did not have an effect on our operations. GENERAL SECURITIES MARKET UNCERTAINTIES RESULTING FROM THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC. Since the outset of the pandemic the United States and worldwide national securities markets have undergone unprecedented stress due to the uncertainties of the pandemic and the resulting reactions and outcomes of government, business and the general population. These uncertainties have resulted in declines in all market sectors, increases in volumes due to flight to safety and governmental actions to support the markets. As a result, until the pandemic has stabilized, the markets may not be available to the Company for purposes of raising required capital. Should we not be able to obtain financing when required, in the amounts necessary to execute on our plans in full, or on terms which are economically feasible we may be unable to sustain the necessary capital to pursue our strategic plan and may have to reduce the planned future growth and/or scope of our operations. Risks Relating to our Stocks SHELL RISK DISCLOSURE We are not a shell company and have more than no or nominal operations or assets; we consider ourselves an operational business. Despite the fact that we have not established revenues or profits at the date of this document, we have had expenses while actively executing our business strategy. TRADING IN OUR STOCK IS LIMITED BY THE SEC S PENNY STOCK REGULATIONS. Our stock is categorized as a penny stock. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which generally defines "penny stock" to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) less than US 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than US 5.00 per share, subject to certain exclusions (e.g., net tangible assets in excess of 2,000,000 or average revenue of at least 6,000,000 for the last three years). The penny stock rules impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document in a form prepared by the SEC, which provides information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. The bid and offer quotations, and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information, must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior to effecting the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer's confirmation. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement to the transaction. Finally, broker-dealers may not handle penny stocks under 0.10 per share. 7 These disclosure requirements reduce the level of trading activity in the secondary market for the stock that is subject to these penny stock rules. Consequently, these penny stock rules would affect the ability of broker-dealers to trade our securities if we become subject to them in the future. The penny stock rules also could discourage investor interest in and limit the marketability of our common stock to future investors, resulting in limited ability for investors to sell their shares. FINRA SALES PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS MAY ALSO LIMIT A SHAREHOLDER S ABILITY TO BUY AND SELL OUR STOCK. In addition to the penny stock rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. The FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. THE MARKET PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY BE VOLATILE. The market price of our common stock has been and is likely in the future to be volatile. Our common stock price may fluctuate in response to factors such as: Halting of trading by the SEC or FINRA. Announcements by us regarding liquidity, legal proceedings, significant acquisitions, equity investments and divestitures, strategic relationships, addition or loss of significant customers and contracts, capital expenditure commitments, loan, note payable and agreement defaults, loss of our subsidiaries and impairment of assets, Issuance of convertible or equity securities for general or merger and acquisition purposes, Issuance or repayment of debt, accounts payable or convertible debt for general or merger and acquisition purposes, Sale of a significant number of shares of our common stock by shareholders, General market and economic conditions, Quarterly variations in our operating results, Investor relation activities, Announcements of technological innovations, New product introductions by us or our competitors, Competitive activities, and Additions or departures of key personnel. 8 These broad market and industry factors may have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDENDS ON OUR CAPITAL STOCK IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Risks Relating to our Business WE ARE A DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY AND HAVE COMMENCED LIMITED OPERATIONS IN OUR BUSINESS. WE EXPECT TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT OPERATING LOSSES FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE. We are authorized to issue up to 500,000,000 shares of common stock. At present, there are 51,780,838 issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Our Board of Directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of up to 5 per annum of the common stock issued and outstanding without consent of the stockholders. Consequently, our stockholders may experience more dilution in their ownership of our Company in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the trading market for our shares of common stock. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2021 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern based upon our minimal cash and no source of revenues which are insufficient to cover our operating costs. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. While operating our online systems and attracting a good number of followers to date, we have not yet generated any meaningful revenue from marketplace users. At the date of this document we do not have any paying customers and we cannot guarantee we ever will have any. Even if we obtain new customers, there is no guarantee that we will generate a profit. If we cannot generate a profit, we will have to suspend or cease operations. The company is reliant upon its existing shareholders and related parties to pay for operating expenses until we generate revenues sufficient to cover our expenses. There is no obligation of these parties to continue making such payments. ANTI-TAKEOVER AFFECTS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF NEVADA STATE LAW HINDER A POTENTIAL TAKEOVER OF THE COMPANY. Though not now, we may be or in the future we may become subject to Nevada s control share law. A corporation is subject to Nevada s control share law if it has more than 200 stockholders, at least 100 of whom are stockholders of record and residents of Nevada, and it does business in Nevada or through an affiliated corporation. The law focuses on the acquisition of a controlling interest which means the ownership of outstanding voting shares sufficient, but for the control share law, to enable the acquiring person to exercise the following proportions of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors: (i) one-fifth or more but less than one-third, (ii) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (iii) a majority or more. The ability to exercise such voting power may be direct or indirect, as well as individual or in association with others. 9 The effect of the control share law is that the acquiring person, and those acting in association with it, obtains only such voting rights in the control shares as are conferred by a resolution of the stockholders of the corporation, approved at a special or annual meeting of stockholders. The control share law contemplates that voting rights will be considered only once by the other stockholders. Thus, there is no authority to strip voting rights from the control shares of an acquiring person once those rights have been approved. If the stockholders do not grant voting rights to the control shares acquired by an acquiring person, those shares do not become permanent non-voting shares. The acquiring person is free to sell its shares to others. If the buyers of those shares themselves do not acquire a controlling interest, their shares do not become governed by the control share law. If control shares are accorded full voting rights and the acquiring person has acquired control shares with a majority or more of the voting power, any stockholder of record, other than an acquiring person, who has not voted in favor of approval of voting rights is entitled to demand fair value for such stockholder s shares. Nevada s control share law may have the effect of discouraging takeovers of the corporation. In addition to the control share law, Nevada has a business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Nevada corporations and interested stockholders for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested stockholder, unless the corporation s board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Nevada law, an interested stockholder is any person who is (i) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (ii) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the three previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term business combination is sufficiently broad to cover virtually any kind of transaction that would allow a potential acquirer to use the corporation s assets to finance the acquisition or otherwise to benefit its own interests rather than the interests of the corporation and its other stockholders. The effect of Nevada s business combination law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of us from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of our board of directors. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENT Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Since January 23, 2019, the principal executive offices are located at 7950 NW 53rd Street, Suite 337, Miami, FL 33166, our phone number is (305)-239-9993. The Company s subsidiary, Boatim Europe, has one office lease located at Marina Port Vell Carrer de l'Escar, 26, 08039 Barcelona Spain with OneCoWork. This new lease calls for rent payments of 1,800 plus VAT in monthly payments. In addition, the lease also includes the use of a flexible work desk for an additional 150 plus VAT. The lease begins May 1, 2021, is month to month with no permanency clause, of which management intends to renew. We currently have no investment policies as they pertain to real estate, real estate interests or real estate mortgages. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. We know of no material, active or pending legal proceedings against our company, nor are we involved as a plaintiff in any material proceeding or pending litigation. There are no proceedings in which our director, officer or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial shareholder is an adverse party or has a material interest adverse to our interest. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. None. 10 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market for Securities Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTC Markets QB exchange OTCQB ). There has been limited trading activity in our common stock. Our common stock commenced quotation on the OTCBB (Pinks) under the trading symbol EMRD on 14 December, 2015. In September 2020 our symbol was changed to BTIM to reflect the Company s name change to Boatim Inc. On March 3, 2020 the Company uplisted to the OTCQB trading segment. Because we are quoted on the OTCQB, our common stock may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if it were listed on a national securities exchange. The following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for our Common Stock per quarter as reported by the OTC Markets for the quarterly periods indicated below based on our fiscal year end August 31. These prices represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not represent actual transactions. There has been no trading activity and hence no price fixings before May 07, 2020. Fiscal Quarter High Low First Quarter (Sep 1, 2020 Nov 30, 2020) 1.20 0.61 Second Quarter (Dec 1, 2020 Feb 28, 2021) 1.66 0.85 Third Quarter (Mar 1, 2021 May 31, 2021) 0.87 0.25 Fourth Quarter (June 1, 2021 Aug 31, 2021) 0.38 0.12 First Quarter (Sep 1, 2019 Nov 30, 2019) - - Second Quarter (Dec 1, 2019 Feb 28, 2019) - - Third Quarter (Mar 1, 2020 May 31, 2020) 1.25 1.25 Fourth Quarter (June 1, 2020 Aug 31, 2020) 1.32 0.63 Holders of our Common Stock As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, there were 81 and 64 registered stockholders, holding 51,780,838 and 50,500,011 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock, respectively. As of the date of this document, there are 81 registered stockholders, holding 51,780,838 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock. Dividend Policy There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where, after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 1. We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 2. Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. We have not declared any dividends and we do not, at this point in time, plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 11 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities As of August 31, 2021, there were 175,000 outstanding stock options and no warrants. There were no securities which were sold or issued by us without the registration of the securities under the Securities Act of 1933 in reliance on exemptions from such registration requirements within the past three years. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We do not have any equity compensation plans. The company intends to establish an equity compensation plan for employees in the near future. Our CEO s employment agreement calls for a sign on bonus of 1,000,000 shares after six months of employment as well as 1,000,000 shares contingent upon him raising 1,000,000 within six months of his employment. The service agreements of our CMO and CTO contain sign-up bonus shares of 500,000 shares and 200,000 shares each respectively. The CMO and CPO service agreements contain clauses on performance related bonus share packages of up to 50 of their base salaries per annum. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes thereto included herein. We caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements Results of Operations We recorded minimal revenues in the amount of 900 and 118 for the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, respectively and incurred cost of goods sold of 0 and 4 for the year ended August 31, 2021 and the year ended August 31, 2020, respectively. The operating expenses were comprised of general and administrative expenses of 1,721,372 and stock based compensation of 595,824, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 (compared to 680,471 for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020), an increase of 1,648,776 in general and administrative expenses. The change is due to increased operating expenses associated with a concentration of resources in product development, engineering, marketing, reporting and administrative tasks post the acquisition of the Boatim platform as well as operating expenses associated with the new Spanish subsidiary, Boatim Europe. The 595,824 increase is stock based compensation, was attributable to an executive receiving common stock awards. 12 Other expenses for the year ended August 31, 2021, comprised amortization of debt discount in the amount of 617,934, in addition to a loss on derivative liability of 209,068 both of which are associated with our convertible note debt, offset by gain on foreign exchange of 27,129. The net loss was 3,116,169 for the year ended August 31, 2021 (compared to August 31, 2020: 409,914), an increase of approximately 663 as compared to the last year. Our total assets as of August 31, 2021 were 685,387 (August 31, 2020: 510,289). The increase in total assets is due to increased capitalized software costs of 251,477. Our total current liabilities at August 31, 2021 were 2,467,379 which is comprised of 373,039 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, 427,451 in payables to related parties, 33,333 in operating lease obligations, as well as 1,613,556 in convertible notes and a short term loan of 20,000 from an unrelated party. We also have non-current liabilities consisting of 22,410 in operating lease obligations at August 31, 2021. The current liabilities at August 31, 2020 were 1,499,045 which is comprised of 189,680 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, 348,031 in payables to related parties, 141,276 in operating lease obligations, as well as 1,060,000 in convertible notes, offset by 595,350 of debt discount and 307,446 of derivative liability associated with our convertible notes. A short-term loan of 47,962 from an unrelated party was repaid in September 2020. We also have non-current liabilities consisting of 38,391 in operating lease obligations at August 31, 2020. We currently anticipate our operating expenses (being legal and professional fees, IT cost and further website and software development and testing, sales, marketing and advertising, and other expenses) over the next 12 months will be approximately 1,500,000 to 2,000,000. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had authorized 500,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of 0.001 per share. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had 51,780,838 (August 31, 2020: 50,500,011) shares of common stock issued and outstanding and there were no outstanding stock options or warrants. As of the date of this document, the Company has 51,780,838 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. For the year ended August 31, 2021 we reported a net loss of 3,116,169 and an accumulated deficit of 3,913,475. As of August 31, 2021, we had cash of 69,827. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended August 31, 2021 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern based upon our minimal cash and no source of revenues which are insufficient to cover our operating costs. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful in our efforts to raise capital, develop a source of revenues, report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would lose their entire investment in our company. Liquidity and Capital Resources At August 31, 2021, we had 69,827 in cash and there were outstanding liabilities of 2,489,789 (cash of 38,427 and liabilities of 1,537,436 on August 31, 2020, respectively). There was 1,444,364 in cash used in operations in 2021 509,192 net cash used in operating activities in 2020, respectively) and 333,243 used in investing activities (as well as 270,506 used in investing activities in 2020). There was 1,721,064 cash provided by financing activities in 2021 and 822,733 in cash provided by financing activities in 2020. This resulted in 31,400 change in net cash in 2021 and 22,736 in 2020. Cayo Ventures GmbH has verbally agreed to continue to loan the company funds for operating expenses in a limited scenario, but it has no legal obligation to do so. 13 Cash Requirements /Future Financing There is limited historical financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We have not meaningfully commenced business operations based upon the amount of revenue we have been able to generate. We are in start-up stage operations. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise, including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services and products. We have no assurance that future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to continue, develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors, except as may be disclosed in the section Recent Events . Summary of significant accounting policies: Refer to Note 2 of the financial statements in ITEM 8 below. Contractual Obligations We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 14 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Boatim Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Boatim Inc. and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. Houston, Texas January 3, 2022 15 BOATIM INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS August 31 August 31 2021 2020 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash Prepaid expenses VAT receivable Total current assets Deposits Fixed assets, net Capitalized software costs, net Right of use asset operating lease Total other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT LIABILITIES Current Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Related party loan Loan payable Convertible notes, net of unamortized discount Derivative liability Current portion - operating lease obligation Total current liabilities Non-current Liabilities: Operating lease obligation, net of current portion TOTAL LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Common stock: authorized ; par value; and shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Stockholders' deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 16 BOATIM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Year Ended Year Ended August 31, 2021 August 31, 2020 Revenue Cost of Sales Gross Profit Operating Expenses General and administrative Total Expenses Loss from operations Other Income (Expenses) Change in fair value of derivative liability Interest expense Gain/(Loss) on foreign exchange Total other income (expenses) Net loss before income tax provision Provision for income tax Net loss Other comprehensive loss: Foreign currency translation adjustment Total Comprehensive loss Net loss per common share Basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 17 BOATIM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2021 AND 2020 Accumulated Other Common Stock Comprehensive Total Number of Shares Par Value Capital Deficiency Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Stockholders' Deficit Balance - August 31, 2019 ) Forgiveness of related party loan - Stock based compensation - Foreign currency translation adjustment - Net loss - Balance August 31, 2020 Stock based compensation - Conversion of convertible notes payable to common stock Resolution of derivative liability - Foreign currency translation adjustment - Net loss - Balance - August 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 18 BOATIM INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the year ended August 31, 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expenses Change in fair value of derivative liability Amortization of debt discount Stock based compensation Amortization of right of use assets Amortization capitalized software (Gain)/loss on foreign exchange (17,362 17,462 Changes in operating assets and liabilities VAT receivable Prepaid expense Deposits Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease obligation NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Fixed asset purchases Software development costs NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from related party loans Proceeds from loan payable Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Repayment of loan payable NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES IN CASH NET INCREASE IN CASH CASH BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL CASHFLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for: Income tax Interest Non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of related party loan into convertible debt Termination of lease contracts Resolution of derivative liability Debt discount from derivative liability Conversion of convertible note to common stock Right of use asset and operating lease liability recognized from adoption of ASC 842 Forgiveness of related party loan The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 19 BOATIM INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Basis of Presentation Cash and Cash Equivalents Fixed Assets years. 20 Fair Value of Financial Instruments Foreign Currency Assets and liabilities of Boatim Europe are translated into U.S. dollars at the respective rates of exchange prevailing at the end of the reporting period. Income and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are recorded directly in equity as accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income AOCI and will be included as income or expense only upon sale or liquidation of the underlying entity. Boatim Europe considers its local currency (EURO) as its functional currency. In accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statements , monetary asset and liability accounts are translated into the Company s reporting currency, the US dollar, using the closing exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date, nonmonetary accounts are translated using historical exchange rates and income and expense accounts are translated using the average exchange rate prevailing during the reporting period. 21 Average EUR: US exchange rate Capitalized Software Development Costs and in software development costs. Software costs are included in Capitalized software costs, net on the Company s consolidated balance sheets and are depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of five years. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Leases Derivative Instrument Liability Use of Estimates 22 Income Taxes Stock Based Compensation Recent Accounting Pronouncements 23 and revenues for the year ended August 31, 2020 and has recurring losses. In addition, the Company had a negative working capital as of August 31, 2021 and has not completed its efforts to establish a source of revenues sufficient to cover operating costs over an extended period of time. Therefore, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management anticipates that the Company will be dependent, for the near future, on borrowings from related parties to fund operating expenses. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances that the Company will be successful in any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. during the year ended August 31, 2020. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020 nothing remains outstanding. 24 to the Company. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, Cayo Ventures GmbH Cayo ), a related party, advanced a total of to the Company. Cayo is owned by the former majority shareholder and former officer, Mr. Yves Toelderer. On June 07, 2021 and June 08, 2021, the Company issued convertible notes in the amount of and to two unrelated parties, in exchange for their assumption of related party loans owed to Cayo for the same amounts. There was no gain or loss on extinguishment recorded on the old Cayo Venture loan. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company owed a total of and , respectively, to Cayo, which includes owed to Yves Toelderer. These loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended August 31, 2019, the Company issued a note in the amount of to Cayo for the purchase of the Boatim software platform. The note matured on January 23, 2020 but was extended to . On July 21, 2020, the Company cancelled the note when Cayo transferred its claim against the Company to an unrelated party. On the same date, Cayo also assigned a portion of the related party loans (see above) amounting to to another unrelated party. The Company then issued convertible notes to these unrelated parties. (See Note 7). On June 1, 2020, the Company entered into services agreement with Mr. Wolfgang Tippner, as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement calls for a sign-on bonus of , payable within 6 months from the date of the agreement and a cash compensation for his services of per month. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, a total of and 0 has been paid to Mr. Tippner, respectively. As of August 31, 2020, in accrued compensation remained outstanding. As of August 31, 2021, in accrued compensation remains outstanding. On June 1, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Patrick Heneise, as Chief Technology Officer. The agreement calls for an equity bonus of common shares of the company within 6 months of the date of the agreement. As cash compensation for his services he is to receive a total of , payable at per month for technology consulting services and a executive services fee payable annually. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, a total of and has been paid to Mr. Heneise, respectively. On June 02, 2021 Patrick Heneise resigned as Director and CTO which took effect on June 30, 2021 but continues with the Company as a consultant. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and in accrued compensation remains outstanding, respectively. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized of stock-based compensation expense for the shares earned by Mr. Heneise. On June 15, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Chris Roy, as Chief Product Officer. The agreement calls for a base salary of per year. In addition, Mr. Roy is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, this performance bonus was not earned or paid to Mr. Roy. During the year ended August 31, 2020, a total of has been paid to Mr. Roy. During the year ended August 31, 2021 a total of , had been paid to Mr. Roy. Mr. Chris Roy resigned as a member of the Board of Directors on February 12, 2021. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, and in accrued compensation remains outstanding, respectively. On July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Patrick Burkert, as Chief Marketing Officer. The agreement calls for a sign on bonus of 500,000 shares of restricted common stock, of which He will also receive a base salary of per year. In addition, Mr. Burkert is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. None of the bonus has been earned to date. Mr. Patrick Burkert resigned as a member of the Board of Directors on February 12, 2021. During the year ended August 31, 2020, a total of has been paid to Mr. Burkert in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, in accrued cash compensation remains outstanding. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company paid in cash compensation and recognized of stock-based compensation expense for the shares earned by Mr. Burkert. On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Benjamin Salter, as Director and Chief Financial Officer. The agreement calls for a sign on bonus of options for shares of common stock at a strike price of per share. See Note 10. In addition, Mr. Salter is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. During the year ended August 31, 2021, a total of has been paid to Mr. Salter in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, in accrued cash compensation remains outstanding. As of August 31, 2021, there was earned or accrued for a performance-based bonus. During the year ended August 31, 2021 the Company recognized of stock-based compensation expense for the options granted under this service agreement. Mr. Salter resigned as a member of the Board of Directors and as CFO on March 19, 2021 but continues with the Company heading business development and operations in Europe. 25 . In addition, Mr. Salter is to receive options for shares of common stock each month at a strike price of per share with a term of months. The Company agreed to also make a cash payment to Mr. Salter on exercise of his options of . During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized of stock-based compensation expense for the options granted under this agreement. On March 19, 2021, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Mario Beckles, as Director and Chief Financial Officer, commencing on April 1, 2020. The agreement calls for cash compensation in the amount of per month to be paid monthly. As of August 31, 2021, has been paid to Mr. Beckles in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, unpaid cash compensation is outstanding. On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Joseph Johnson, as a member of the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement provides for a base salary of per year, subject to an inflationary increase using the US Consumer Price Index. The agreement also provides for an annual incentive bonus equal to 200 of his base salary and a sign on bonus of shares of unrestricted common stock which will be fully vested with a service period of six (6) months from the date of the agreement. As of August 31, 2021, has been paid to Mr. Johnson in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, unpaid cash compensation is outstanding. plus VAT in monthly payments. The lease begins August 01, 2019, is month to month with a six month permanency clause, of which management intends to renew. On April 30, 2021, the Company terminated this six person office lease and it was not renewed. As a result of the early termination of this lease, the Company wrote off in remaining operating lease obligation and right of use asset on April 30, 2021, in accordance with ASC Topic 842. On December 1, 2019, the Company entered into an office lease for a nine person office space located at Marina Port Vell Carrer de l'Escar, 26, 08039 Barcelona Spain with OneCoWork. The lease calls for rent payments of plus VAT in monthly payments. The lease begins December 1, 2019, is month to month with a six month permanency clause, of which management intends to renew. On April 30, 2021, the Company ended this nine person office lease and entered into an 8 person lease contract on May 1, 2021. As a result of the early termination of this lease, the Company wrote off in remaining operating lease obligation on April 30, 2021, in accordance with ASC Topic 842. This new lease calls for rent payments of plus VAT in monthly payments. In addition, the lease also includes the use of a flexible work desk for an additional plus VAT. The lease begins May 1, 2021, is month to month with no permanency clause, of which management intends to renew for 24 months. Management has evaluated this new leasing arrangement and has classified this as an operating lease and has accounted for it as a separate new lease contract due to the changes that were noted in this lease. The Company has elected to apply ASC Topic 842 to this lease, because we intend to renew this lease for a term longer than 12 months. As a result of the adoption of ASC Topic 842, the Company has recognized a right-of-use asset of 68,397 and operating lease liability of on this lease. 26 plus VAT in monthly payments. The lease begins April 20, 2020 is month to month with a six month permanency clause, of which management intends to renew. On April 30, 2021, the Company terminated this six-person office lease and it was not renewed. As a result of the early termination of this lease, the Company wrote off in remaining operating lease obligation on April 30, 2021, in accordance with ASC Topic 842. The Company has recorded operating lease expense in the amount of during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021. As of August 31, 2021, the Company had in Right of Use Asset and Operating lease liability. As of August 31, 2021, the discount rate for these leases is and the weighted average remaining term is months. Future minimum operating lease payments at August 31, 2021 consist of: 2023 Total minimum lease payments Less: present value discount Present value of minimum lease payments Current portion of operating lease obligations Operating lease obligations, net of current portion . The loan is unsecured, has no maturity date and is non-interest bearing. As of August 31, 2020, the USD equivalent of remains outstanding. The loan was repaid on September 30, 2020. On February 11, 2021, the Company received a short-term loan from an unrelated third party in the amount of . The loan is unsecured, has no maturity date and is non-interest bearing. On August 28, 2020, this loan was assigned to an unrelated third party for the full amount of the loan. The loan is also unsecured, has not maturity and is non-interest. As of August 31, 2021, remains outstanding. and to two unrelated parties, in exchange for their assumption of the December 8, 2018 note and related party loans owed to Cayo for the same amounts. (See Note 4). The notes do not bear interest and matured on . 27 converted of its note into shares of common stock and the unamortized discount at the date of conversion of was written off to interest expense. On January 10, 2021 the holder of the note in the amount of converted of its note into shares of common stock and the unamortized discount at the date of conversion of was written off to interest expense. On April 23, 2021 the holder of the note in the amount of converted of its note into shares of common stock. On September 22, 2020, the Board approved the issuance of up to in new convertible notes, in multiple tranches, convertible at maturity into common shares. At May 31, 2021 the Company has received tranches of , , , , , and respectively from unrelated parties under this facility. The note in the amount of matures on and is convertible into common stock at the rate equivalent to 80 of the Company s 30-day average stock price prior to conversion. The note in the amount of matures on , the note in the amount of matures on , the note in the amount of matures on , the note in the amount of matures on and the note in the amount of matures on ; these notes are convertible into common stock at the rate equivalent to 80 of the Company s 30-day average stock price prior to conversion but no less than value per share of common stock. Due to these provisions, the embedded conversion option of the notes issued under the September 22, 2020 issuances do not qualify for derivative accounting under ASC 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging . On June 7, 2021 and June 8, 2021, the Company issued convertible notes in the amount of and to two unrelated parties, in exchange for their assumption of related party loans owed to Cayo for the same amounts. These notes are convertible into common stock at the rate equivalent to 80 of the Company s 30-day average stock price prior to conversion but no less than value per share of common stock. Due to these provisions, the embedded conversion option does not qualify for derivative accounting under ASC 815-15, Derivatives and Hedging. A summary of changes to the convertible notes for the year ended August 31, 2021 is as follows: New principal Total principal Less: conversion of principal Less: discount related to fair value of the embedded conversion feature Less: discount related to original issue discount Add: amortization of discount Carrying value of Convertible Notes at August 31, 2021 28 Fair value of derivatives at August 31, 2020 Addition of new derivative liabilities upon issuance of convertible notes as debt discount Reduction of derivative liabilities from conversion of convertible notes to shares of common stock Loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities Fair value of derivative liabilities at August 31, 2021 and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. The Company has not issued the stock-based compensation of shares of common stock to Patrick Burkert or the shares of common stock to Patrick Heneise. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company issued common shares to satisfy the conversion of of convertible promissory notes. Grants Exercised - Forfeited Balance as of August 31, 2021 29 . The total fair value of stock options granted during the year ended August 31, 2021 was approximately . The total fair value of stock options that was forfeited during the year ended August 31, 2021 was approximately . The total share-based compensation expense in connection with issuance of stock options recognized during the year ended August 31, 2021 was . The fair value of each stock option is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for stock options granted during the year ended August 31, 2021: years Expected stock price volatility - Weighted-average risk-free rate - Expected dividend Volatility is a measure of the amount by which a financial variable such as share price has fluctuated (historical volatility) or is expected to fluctuate (expected volatility) during a period. The Company estimates expected volatility giving primary consideration to the historical volatility of its common stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the published yield available on U.S. Treasury issues with an equivalent term remaining equal to the expected life of the stock option. The expected lives of the stock options represent the estimated period of time until exercise or forfeiture and are based on the simplified method of using the mid-point between the vesting term and the original contractual term. The following summarizes certain information about stock options vested and expected to vest as of August 31, 2021: Exercisable Expected to vest - 30 Shares of restricted stock granted Forfeited - Balance as of August 31, 2020 Shares of restricted stock granted Forfeited Balance as of August 31, 2021 August 31, August 31, Number of Restricted Stock Awards 2021 2020 Vested Non-vested - As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, there was unrecognized compensation cost of and , related to non-vested share-based compensation, respectively, which is expected to be recognized over the next year. In addition, none of the restricted share awards presented above has been issued or outstanding as of August 31, 2021. 31 . Temporary differences: Stock based compensation Accrued expenses Permanent differences: Change in fair value of derivative liability Amortization of debt discount Amortization of right of use asset 119,572 - Amortization of capitalized software Depreciation 8,597 - Tax loss for the year Estimated effective tax rate Net Deferred tax asset Less: valuation allowance Total Deferred tax asset Uncertain Tax Positions Unrecognized income tax benefits represent income tax positions taken on income tax returns but not yet recognized in the financial statements. If recognized, substantially all of the unrecognized tax benefits for the Company s fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 would affect the effective income tax rate. There were no unrecognized income tax benefits as of August 31, 2021 and 2020. The Company recognizes the interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company did not recognize any expenses any interest and penalties as of August 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. All tax years since inception are open for examination by taxing authorities. . The advances are unsecured, due on demand and non-interest bearing. On October 26, 2021, the Company issued common shares to an unrelated third party vendor for marketing services valued at per share for a total . On November 12, 2021, the Company issued common shares to an unrelated third party vendor for marketing services valued at per share for a total . 32 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of August 31, 2021, the end of the year covered by this report, our management concluded its evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible controls and procedures. Our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. With respect to the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Based upon our evaluation regarding the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective. Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2021. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. We note the following deficiencies that management believes to be material weaknesses: 33 The Company s lack of segregation of duties. Lack of an audit committee Lack of control procedures that include multiple levels of review over financial reporting. Management has not established appropriate and rigorous procedures for evaluating internal controls over financial reporting. Due to limited resources and lack of segregation of duties, documentation of the limited control structure has not been accomplished. We employ policies and procedures for reconciliation of the financial statements and note disclosures, however, these processes are not appropriately documented. Management has not established methodical and consistent data back-up procedures to ensure loss of data will not occur. The Company is evaluating the necessity of implementing procedures to rectify these weaknesses. A material weakness (within the meaning of PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 5) is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control and Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting in the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, which were identified in connection with our management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. Part III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Set forth below are the present directors, director nominees and executive officers of the Company as of December 30, 2021. There are no other persons who have been nominated or chosen to become directors nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified. Officers are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. NAME AGE POSITION Joseph Johnson 43 Director and Chief Executive Officer Wolfgang Tippner Director and former Chief Executive Officer Mario Beckles 47 Director and Chief Financial Officer 34 The persons named above are expected to hold their offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. The officer and director set forth herein is our only officer, director, promoter and control person, as that term is defined in the rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933. Information about our Executive Officers The business experience during the past five years of the person presently listed above as an Officer or Director of the Company is as follows: Mr. Joseph Johnson Mr. Johnson, an expert in strategy, growth, and business restructuring, recently served as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Board of Directors of a U.S. publicly traded real estate technology company, taking the company from the OTC Pink to the Venture Exchange (OTCQB), doubling share value. He has worked with hundreds of companies as an attorney and consultant ranging from watersports to nutraceuticals to ERP to telemedicine. Throughout his 18 year career he has served as inside and outside legal counsel, board member and C-Level Management with numerous private and public companies, and has a track record of successfully scaling businesses. Mr. Johnson is a licensed attorney in California and also holds an M.B.A. Mr. Johnson s undergraduate degree is in business finance from California Polytechnical State University, Pomona. Mario A. Beckles Mr. Beckles has over 20 years of experience in financial reporting, financial accounting, tax and audit works. He is US based (FL) and his areas of expertise include, inter alia, information technology and retail. He began his career as a Senior Auditor with Deloitte and has since held positions as CFO of First Liberty Power Corp, a publicly traded mining company, was a Partner at Jersey Fortress Capital Partners, a boutique investment banking firm or was a Senior Financial Reporting Analyst with SimplexGrinnell, a 2B Fire Security Contractor. Mario is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and holds a CPA license with the state board of Florida. Mario replaces Boatim Inc. s prior CFO, Mr. Benjamin L. Salter, who s resignation was accepted by the shareholders on that same date as part of reorganizing leadership with stronger emphasis on US markets. Mr. Salter continues with the Company heading the business development department and operations in Europe. Mr. Salter s resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company, its policies or practices. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. The following summary compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned from the Company during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 by the current and former executive officers of the Company and each of the other two highest paid executives or directors, if any, whose total compensation exceeded 100,000 during those periods. 35 Summary Compensation Table Name and Principal Position Year Fees earned or paid in cash ) Bonus (cash) ) Common Stock Awards (#) Common Stock Awards ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Joseph Johnson 2021 41,666 - - - - 41,666 President CEO, (Principal Executive Officer) Director Wolfgang Tippner 2021 120,000 - - - - 120,000 Former President CEO, (Principal Executive Officer) Director Wolfgang Tippner 2020 48,000 - - - - 48,000 Former President CEO, (Principal Executive Officer) Director Mario Beckles 2021 19,500 - - - - 19,500 Chief Finance Officer, Director Ben Salter 2021 122,671 - - 64,493 - 187,164 Former Chief Finance Officer, Director Teck Sion Lim 2020 - - - - - - Former Chief Finance Officer, Director Notes: Teck Sion Lim received no compensation in 2020 and 2019 Identification of Significant Employees We have no significant employees other than our officers and directors. Family Relationship We currently do not have any officers or directors of our Company who are related to each other. Potential Conflicts of Interest We are not aware of any conflicts of interest with any of our executive officers or directors. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings During the past ten years no director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company has been involved in the following: (1) A petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law which was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; (2) Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 36 i. Acting as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; ii. Engaging in any type of business practice; or iii. Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; (4) Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; (5) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; (6) Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; (7) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: i. Any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or ii. Any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or iii. Any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or (8) Such person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees. When we do adopt a code of ethics, we will disclose it in a Current Report on Form 8-K. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of August 31, 2021 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 37 Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage Common Stock Wolfgang Tippner Nil 0.00 Common Stock Patrick Heneise Nil 0.00 Common Stock Patrick Burkert Nil 0.00 Common Stock Chris Roy Nil 0.00 Common Stock Mario Beckles Nil 0.00 Common Stock Teck Siong LIM Nil 0.00 Common Stock Directors and Officers as a Group (6 individuals) Nil 0.00 5 beneficial owners Common Stock JTT Global Ventures Ltd. Ground floor, Coastal Building, Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, Tortola, BVI 32,766,667 shares of common stock 63.28 Notes to Summary Compensation Table (1) A beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As of August 31, 2021, there were 51,780,838 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. Changes in Control There are no present arrangements or pledges of the Company s securities which may result in a change in control of the Company ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Director Independence For purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2). The OTCBB on which shares of common stock are quoted does not have any director independence requirements. The NASDAQ definition of Independent Director means a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company's Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. According to the NASDAQ definition, we do not have any independent directors because each is also an executive officer of the Company. All current directors are or may become in the future shareholders of the Company. Related Party Transactions Mr. Robert Glass, a lawyer, is providing services free of charge from time to time, such services involving advice on accounting matters and processing of information for reporting services. 38 The former Chief Technology Officer of the Company, Mr. Patrick Heneise is also the owner of Zentered O (fka Heneise Consulting O , Zentered ). Zentered has provided software development and maintenance services to the Company and has recognized expenses for such services of 39,231 during the year ended August 31, 2020. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020 nothing remains outstanding. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2020, Cayo Ventures GmbH Cayo ), a related party, advanced a total of 774,771 to the Company. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021, Cayo Ventures GmbH Cayo ), a related party, advanced a total of 1,216,420 to the Company. Cayo is owned by the former majority shareholder and former officer, Mr. Yves Toelderer. On June 07, 2021 and June 08, 2021, the Company issued convertible notes in the amount of 696,000 and 441,000 to two unrelated parties, in exchange for their assumption of related party loans owed to Cayo for the same amounts. There was no gain or loss on extinguishment recorded on the old Cayo Venture loan. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company owed a total of 427,451 and 348,031, respectively, to Cayo, which includes 2,833 owed to Yves Toelderer. These loans are unsecured, non-interest bearing and due on demand. During the year ended August 31, 2019, the Company issued a note in the amount of 500,000 to Cayo for the purchase of the Boatim software platform. The note matured on January 23, 2020 but was extended to January 23, 2021. On July 21, 2020, the Company cancelled the note when Cayo transferred its claim against the Company to an unrelated party. On the same date, Cayo also assigned a portion of the related party loans (see above) amounting to 560,000 to another unrelated party. The Company then issued convertible notes to these unrelated parties. (See Note 7). On June 1, 2020, the Company entered into services agreement with Mr. Wolfgang Tippner, as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement calls for a sign-on bonus of 24,000, payable within 6 months from the date of the agreement and a cash compensation for his services of 8,000 per month. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and August 31, 2020, a total of 8,000 and 0 has been paid to Mr. Tippner, respectively. As of August 31, 2020, 48,000 in accrued compensation remained outstanding. As of August 31, 2021, 120,000 in accrued compensation remains outstanding. On June 1, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Patrick Heneise, as Chief Technology Officer. The agreement calls for an equity bonus of 200,000 common shares of the company within 6 months of the date of the agreement. As cash compensation for his services he is to receive a total of 35,000, payable at 2,500 per month for technology consulting services and a 5,000 executive services fee payable annually. During the year ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, a total of 14,922 and 2,968 has been paid to Mr. Heneise, respectively. On June 02, 2021 Patrick Heneise resigned as Director and CTO which took effect on June 30, 2021 but continues with the Company as a consultant. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, 24,301 and 8,864 in accrued compensation remains outstanding, respectively. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized 250,000 of stock-based compensation expense for the 200,000 shares earned by Mr. Heneise. On June 15, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Chris Roy, as Chief Product Officer. The agreement calls for a base salary of 125,000 per year. In addition, Mr. Roy is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to 50 of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. During the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020, this performance bonus was not earned or paid to Mr. Roy. During the year ended August 31, 2020, a total of 33,145 has been paid to Mr. Roy. During the year ended August 31, 2021 a total of 112,801, had been paid to Mr. Roy. Mr. Chris Roy resigned as a member of the Board of Directors on February 12, 2021. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, 0 and 23,140 in accrued compensation remains outstanding, respectively. On July 1, 2020, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Patrick Burkert, as Chief Marketing Officer. The agreement calls for a sign on bonus of 500,000 shares of restricted common stock, of which 50,000 shares are due within two weeks of the date of the agreement, 200,000 shares after 6 months, and the remaining shares after 12 months. He will also receive a base salary of 144,000 per year. In addition, Mr. Burkert is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to 50 of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. None of the bonus has been earned to date. Mr. Patrick Burkert resigned as a member of the Board of Directors on February 12, 2021. During the year ended August 31, 2020, a total of 71,400 has been paid to Mr. Burkert in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021 and 2020, 0 in accrued cash compensation remains outstanding. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company paid 100,389 in cash compensation and recognized 312,500 of stock-based compensation expense for the 250,000 shares earned by Mr. Burkert. 39 On January 1, 2021, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Benjamin Salter, as Director and Chief Financial Officer. The agreement calls for a sign on bonus of options for 500,000 shares of common stock at a strike price of 0.10 per share. See Note 10. The options must be exercised within 15 months from the date of the agreement and can be executed no earlier as follows: 50,000 within two weeks of the date of the agreement, 200,000 shares after 6 months, and the remaining shares after 12 months. The agreement calls for a base salary of Swiss francs (CHF) 150,000 per year, increasing to CHF 180,000, payable in increments of CHF 15,000 per month from April 1, 2021 onward. In addition, Mr. Salter is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to 50 of his base salary, based upon targets set by the board of directors of the Company. During the year ended August 31, 2021, a total of 43,992 has been paid to Mr. Salter in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, 78,679 in accrued cash compensation remains outstanding. As of August 31, 2021, there was 0 earned or accrued for a performance-based bonus. During the year ended August 31, 2021 the Company recognized 64,493 of stock-based compensation expense for the options granted under this service agreement. Mr. Salter resigned as a member of the Board of Directors and as CFO on March 19, 2021 but continues with the Company heading business development and operations in Europe. On April 1, 2021, the Company entered into an independent contractor agreement with Mr. Salter, as Head of Operations. The agreement calls for a monthly payment of CHF 14,000 per month with CHF 8,000 to be paid in cash and the balance of 6,000 to be deferred on a monthly basis up to an amount not exceeding CHF 70,000 with payment terms to be decided by the Company. In addition, Mr. Salter is to receive options for 25,000 shares of common stock each month at a strike price of 0.10 per share with a term of 15 months. The Company agreed to also make a cash payment to Mr. Salter on exercise of his options of 2,500. During the year ended August 31, 2021, the Company recognized 31,331 of stock-based compensation expense for the options granted under this agreement. On March 19, 2021, the Company entered into a service agreement with Mr. Mario Beckles, as Director and Chief Financial Officer, commencing on April 1, 2020. The agreement calls for cash compensation in the amount of 3,000 per month to be paid monthly. As of August 31, 2021, 15,000 has been paid to Mr. Beckles in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, 4,500 in unpaid cash compensation is outstanding. On June 22, 2021, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Joseph Johnson, as a member of the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer. The agreement provides for a base salary of 250,000 per year, subject to an inflationary increase using the US Consumer Price Index. The agreement also provides for an annual incentive bonus equal to 200 of his base salary and a sign on bonus of 1,000,000 shares of unrestricted common stock which will be fully vested with a service period of six (6) months from the date of the agreement. In addition, Mr. Johnson is eligible to receive a performance bonus equal to 1,000,000 fully vested shares of common stock for each net liquid 1,000,000 in equity raised by the Company during his first six (6) months of tenure as CEO, up to a maximum of 5,000,000 shares. As of August 31, 2021, 20,833 has been paid to Mr. Johnson in cash compensation. As of August 31, 2021, 20,833 unpaid cash compensation is outstanding. With regard to any future related party transaction, we plan to fully disclose any and all related party transactions in the following manner: Disclosing such transactions in reports where required; Disclosing in any and all filings with the SEC, where required; Obtaining disinterested directors consent; and Obtaining shareholder consent where required. Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 40 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Our principal independent accountant during the years ended August 31, 2021 and 2020 was MaloneBailey LLP. Their pre-approved fees billed to the Company are set forth below: August 31, 2021 August 31, 2020 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees 49,000 56,200 Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - TOTAL 49,000 56,200 During the year ended August 31, 2021 the total audit and audit-related fees billed was 49,000, for tax services was 0 and for all other services was 0. During the year ended August 31, 2020 the total audit and audit-related fees billed was 56,200, for tax services was 0 and for all other services was 0. Audit fees are charged by the auditor for providing its audit report. Fees for audit-related services might be charged by lawyers or valuers providing third party expertise or opinions required to prepare or provide the audit report Fees for tax services might be charged by accountants or tax advisors for providing services that relate to tax matters like tax calculations, tax advice or tax filings. Fees for other services might be charged by any other service provider for providing any other service that might be of interest to the company. 41 Part IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The following exhibits are included with this annual report: Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 01.INS XBRL Instance Document Filed herewith. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith. __________________ Pursuant to Regulation S-T, this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 42 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Boatim, Inc. Registrant Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Joseph Johnson Joseph Johnson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Mario A. Beckles Mario A. Beckles Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 btim_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 btim_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Joseph Johnson , certify that: (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; (4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and (5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Joseph Johnson Name: Joseph Johnson Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principle Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 btim_ex312.htm
 EX-31.2
 
 btim_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Mario Beckles , certify that: (1) I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; (4) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and (5) The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Mario Beckles Name: Mario Beckles Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principle Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 btim_ex321.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 btim_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Boatim, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph Johnson as Principal Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Joseph Johnson Name: Joseph Johnson Title: Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 btim_ex322.htm
 EX-32.2
 
 btim_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Boatim, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mario Beckles as Principal Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in this Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: January 03, 2022 By: /s/ Mario Beckles Name: Mario Beckles Title: Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 btim-20210831.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 btim-20210831_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 btim-20210831_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 btim-20210831_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

