<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220103_10-Q-A_edgar_data_1842659_0001140361-22-000145.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5617057</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97864</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>819458</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1570785</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1657849</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1314297</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-22-000145.hdr.sgml : 20220103
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220103161527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-22-000145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220103
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220103

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Corsair Partnering Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001842659
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40285
		FILM NUMBER:		22502258

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 224-9476

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		717 FIFTH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		24TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-22-000145.txt : 20220103

10-Q/A
 1
 brhc10030367_10qa.htm
 10-Q/A

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Amendment No. 1) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the period ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

ORATION 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

, New York 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code:

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

 on which registered

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
 required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
 shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
 filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
 accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Ac t. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of January 3, 2022, Class A ordinary shares, par
 value 0.0001 per share, Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class F ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively .

EXPLANATORY NOTE

References throughout this Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to we, us, the Company or our company are to
 Corsair Partnering Corp. unless the context otherwise indicates.

This Amendment No. 1 Amendment No. 1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A amends the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Corsair Partnering
 Corporation (the Company as of and for the period ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on November 12, 2021.

On November 12, 2021, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2021 (the Q3 Form 10-Q ), which included a section
 within Note 2, Revision of Previously Issued Financial Statements, Note 2 that describes a revision to the Company s classification of its Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption issued as part of the units sold in the Company s
 initial public offering IPO on July 6, 2021. As described in Note 2, upon its IPO, the Company classified a portion of the Class A ordinary shares as permanent equity to maintain net tangible assets greater than 5,000,000 on the basis that the
 Company will consummate its initial business combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001. Previously, the Company did not consider redeemable shares classified as temporary equity as part of net tangible assets.
 Effective with these condensed financial statements, the Company revised this interpretation to include temporary equity in net tangible assets. As a result, management corrected the error by restating all Class A ordinary shares subject to
 possible redemption as temporary equity. This resulted in an adjustment to the initial carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption with the offset recorded to additional paid-in capital (to the extent available),
 accumulated deficit and Class A ordinary shares.

The Company determined the changes were not qualitatively material to the Company s previously issued financial statements and did not restate its
 financial statements. Instead, the Company revised its previous financial statements in Note 2 to its Q3 Form 10-Q. Although the qualitative factors that management assessed tended to support a conclusion that the misstatements were not material,
 these factors were not strong enough to overcome the significant quantitative errors in the financial statements. The qualitative and quantitative factors support a conclusion that the misstatements are material on a quantitative basis. Management
 concluded that the misstatement was of such a magnitude that it is probable that the judgment of a reasonable person relying upon the financial statements would have been influenced by the inclusion or correction of the foregoing items. As such,
 upon further consideration of the change, the Company determined the change in classification of the Class A ordinary shares and change to its presentation of earnings per share is quantitatively material and it should restate its previously issued
 financial statement.

Therefore, on December 30, 2021, the Company s management and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors concluded that the Company s
 previously issued revision to the (i) audited balance sheet as of July 6, 2021, filed with SEC on July 12, 2021; and (ii) Note 2 to the unaudited interim financial statements and Item 4 of Part 1 included in the Company s Quarterly Report on Form
 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2021, filed with the SEC on November 12 , 2021 (the Affected Period ), should be restated to report all Public Shares as temporary equity and should no longer be relied upon. As such, the Company will restate its financial statements for the Affected Period
 in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A.

The above changes did not have any impact on its cash position and cash held in the trust account established in connection with the IPO (the Trust
 Account ).

After re-evaluation, the Company s management has concluded that in light of the error described above, a material weakness existed in the Company s
 internal control over financial reporting during the Affected Period and that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. The Company s remediation plan with respect to such material weakness is described in more detail in
 Item 4 to Part 1 of this filing.

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

Form 10-Q/A

For the Period Ended September 30, 2021

Table of Contents

Page

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1.

Condensed Financial Statements 

1

Unaudited Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2021 

1

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 and the period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) through
 September 30, 2021 

2

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 and the Period from January 1, 2021
 (Commencement of Operations) Through September 30, 2021 

3

Unaudited Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) Through September 30, 2021 

4

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 

5

Item 2.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

21 

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

27

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures (as restated) 

27

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1.

Legal Proceedings 

27

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

27

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 

28

Item 3.

Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

28

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

28

Item 5.

Other Information 

28

Item 6.

Exhibits 

28

Signatures 

29 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

Condensed Financial Statements

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

UNAUDITED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET

September 30, 2021 

Assets:

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit:

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

Derivative warrant liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; 
 par value; shares at redemption value of per share

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value shares authorized 
 issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Class F ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Three Months

 Ended September 30, 2021

From January 1, 2021

 (Commencement of Operations)

 Through September 30, 2021

General and administrative expenses

Loss from operations

Other income (expenses):

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Net income

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

Diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class F ordinary shares, basic

Basic net income per share, Class F ordinary shares

Weighted average number of shares outstanding of Class F ordinary shares, diluted

Diluted net income per share, Class F ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.

2 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2021 and for the Period from January 1, 2021
 (Commencement of Operations) Through September 30 , 2021

Ordinary shares

Total

Class A

Class B

Class F

Additional Paid-In

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance - January 1, 2021

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

-

-

-

-

Issuance of Class F ordinary shares to Sponsor

-

-

-

-

Net loss

-

-

-

Balance - March 31, 2021 (unaudited)

Net loss

-

-

-

Balance - June 30, 2021 (unaudited)

Excess of cash received over fair value of private placement warrants 

- 

- 

- 

Forfeiture of Class F ordinary shares

- 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

Balance - September 30, 2021 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements.

3 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the Period from January 1, 2021 (Commencement of Operations) Through the Period of September 30, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities:

General and administrative expenses paid by related party in exchange for issuance of Class B and Class F ordinary shares

Offering costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Loan proceeds received from related party

Repayment of loan to related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash financing activities:

Offering costs included in accounts payable

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Deferred underwriting commissions in connection with the initial public offering

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) in exchange for a capital contribution of , or approximately 
 per share and (b) Class B Performance Shares (as defined in Note 4) for a capital contribution of , or approximately 
 per share and on January 21, 2021 (x) exchanged Founder Shares on a one for basis for Performance Shares and (y) surrendered Founder Shares. Such Founder Shares and Performance Shares were assigned to the Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021, the Sponsor surrendered Founder Shares for consideration, such that
 there were Founder Shares and Performance Shares issued and outstanding (with up to 
 Founder Shares subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised). On July 15, 2021 the underwriter purchased an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited Class F ordinary shares on July 15, 2021 and there are Class F ordinary shares outstanding as of September 30, 2021. All shares and associated amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share exchange
 and the share surrenders. 

units (the Units and, with
 respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million , and
 incurring offering costs of approximately million , of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering costs allocated to
 derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Units (the Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an
 offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of
 million. The Company incurred
 additional offering cost of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions and approximately was offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities. 

5 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of million . In connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option on July 15, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per
 Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of (see Note 4). 

million per Unit) of
 the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and will be invested only
 in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
 conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Partnering Transaction and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
 Account as described below. 

or more partner candidate businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust
 Account (excluding the taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Partnering Transaction. However, the Company will only complete a Partnering Transaction if the
 post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the partner candidate or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partner candidate sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
 company under the Investment Company Act. 

in dissolution expenses in the event the Company does not complete the
 Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (as defined below), none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Partnering Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the
 Public Shares by its holders (the Public Shareholders properly tendering Public Shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend certain provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to a Partnering Transaction or (iii) the redemption of 
 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (defined below). 

per Public Share. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction or will allow
 shareholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would
 otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete its Partnering Transaction only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the
 Partnering Transaction. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than immediately prior to or upon consummation of the Company s initial Partnering Transaction. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related
 Partnering Transaction, and instead may search for an alternate Partnering Transaction. 

6 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

months (or months if the
 Company has executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for the Partnering Transaction within 
 months) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to complete its initial Partnering Transaction (the Partnering Period ). If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within this period of time (and shareholders do not
 approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend this date), it will (i) cease all operations except for the
 purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public
 Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, of , and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
 subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all
 cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

of its Public Shares if the Company has not consummated a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity and (iii)
 waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within months of the Partnering Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to
 complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period).

per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the Trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or
 prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of
 the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act (as defined below).

7 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

,000 in its operating bank account and working capital of approximately million.

from related parties to cover certain expenses on the Company s behalf in exchange for issuance of Founder Shares and Performance Shares
 (as defined in Note 4), a loan from the Sponsor under the Note (as defined in Note 4) of approximately , and an advance
 from the Sponsor of to be used in case the over-allotment option was exercised in full by the underwriters. The Company
 repaid the Note balance of approximately on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
 the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in
 connection with a Partnering Transaction, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of
 September 30, 2021, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loan.

8 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

cash equivalents held outside the Trust Account as of September
 30, 2021.

9 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A ordinary shares subject to
 possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s condensed balance sheet.

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share, because their exercise is contingent
 upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the three months ended
 September 30, 2021 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
 value approximates fair value.

11 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Denominator:

Basic weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Basic net income per ordinary share

Denominator:

Diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding

Diluted net income per ordinary share

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and
 penalties as of September 30, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and
 incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million and approximately was for deferred
 underwriting commissions and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. Of the Units sold
 in the Initial Public Offering, Units with respect to which no underwriting discount is payable were purchased by
 certain parties . On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 
 Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The over-allotment units were sold at an offering price of 
 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of million. The Company incurred additional offering cost
 of approximately million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Class A ordinary share, and one-third 
 of redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary
 share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment.

12 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

in exchange for Class F ordinary shares (the Founder Shares ), and (b) of 
 in exchange for Class B ordinary shares (the Performance Shares ). On January 21, 2021, such affiliate surrendered Class F ordinary shares and exchanged 
 Class F ordinary shares for a corresponding number of Class B ordinary shares by way of repurchase of each Class F ordinary share at par and applying such repurchase consideration for the payment of the Class B ordinary shares. Such Founder
 Shares and Performance Shares were assigned to the Sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021 the Sponsor surrendered 
 Founder Shares for consideration. Of the Founder Shares then outstanding, up to of the Founder Shares were subject to
 forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment is exercised. The Founder Shares are entitled to (together with the Performance Shares) a number of votes representing of the Company s outstanding ordinary share capital prior to the completion of the Partnering Transaction. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. As a result, the Sponsor subsequently forfeited Class F ordinary shares such that there are Class F ordinary shares outstanding as of the date hereof. 

years following the completion of the Partnering Transaction. In
 connection with this arrangement, the Sponsor will also agree not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) days after the completion of the Partnering Transaction and (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share capital exchange or other similar transaction after the Partnering
 Transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances as
 described herein. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Initial Shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares.

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of 
 million. In connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option on July 15, 2021, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 
 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering
 Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor and the
 Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 
 days after the completion of the initial Partnering Transaction.

pursuant to an unsecured promissory
 note (the Note ). This loan was payable without interest upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. As of June 30, 2021, the Company borrowed approximately under the Note and repaid the Note in full on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility is no longer available to the Company.

to be used in case the over-allotment option was
 exercised in full by the underwriters. On July 15, 2021, in connection with the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant
 generating proceeds of and the remaining advance of was returned to the Sponsor.

13 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million of such Working
 Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Partnering Transaction entity at a price of per warrant. The
 warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had borrowings under the
 Working Capital Loans.

per month. have been incurred and paid as of the three months ended September 30, 2021 and for the period from
 January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2021. 

in due to related party for such expense reimbursement, which is included in the accrued expenses
 in the condensed balance sheet. 

Units, with each Unit consisting of 
 Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, subject
 to adjustment, at a purchase price of per Unit, in private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with,
 the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the investors under the Forward Purchase Agreement will not depend on whether any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by the Public Shareholders. The obligations of such
 investors to purchase the forward purchase securities are subject to the approval, prior to the Company entering into a definitive agreement for the initial Partnering
 Transaction, of their respective investment committees and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. The Forward Purchase Agreement is not a firm commitment by either party to the agreement. The proceeds from
 the sale of forward purchase securities, if any, may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Partnering Transaction, expenses in connection with the initial Partnering Transaction or for working capital in the
 post-transaction company. 

demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In
 addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the Partnering Transaction. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the
 filing of any such registration statements.

14 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

days after the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the
 forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward Purchasers or
 its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such registration
 statement is declared effective, cause the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights to the
 holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company. 

-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 
 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of .

Units purchased by certain parties in the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 
 per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment option .

per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions.
 The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Partnering Transaction, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to for each share. As of September 30, 2021, there
 were Class A ordinary shares outstanding subject to possible redemption.

Less:

Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Plus:

Accretion on Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

15 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2021, there are preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary
 shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and have been classified as temporary equity (see Note 6). 

Class F ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had Class F ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share exchange and share surrenders as discussed in Note 4.

of the total number
 of as-converted Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (including the forward purchase securities), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any
 equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the Partnering Transaction; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares into Class A ordinary shares will
 never occur on a less than one-for-one basis.

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares and issued and outstanding, which amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share exchange as discussed in Note 4.

Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares conversion shares ), as
 follows:

for 
 out of consecutive trading days at any time following completion of the Partnering Transaction, the number of conversion
 shares for any fiscal year will be Class A ordinary shares.

for 
 out of any consecutive trading days at any time following completion of the Partnering Transaction, then the number of
 conversion shares for any fiscal year will be the greater of:

16 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

of the increase in the price of one Class A share, year-over-year but in respect of the increase above the relevant price threshold (as defined below),
 multiplied by the number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding at the close of the Partnering Transaction, excluding those Class A ordinary shares received by the Sponsor through the Class F ordinary shares, divided by the annual
 volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares for such fiscal year (the annual VWAP and

Class A ordinary shares.

Performance Shares], the calculation described in the immediately preceding bullet will be based on the greater of (i) the annual
 VWAP for such fiscal year and (ii) the volume-weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares over the last trading
 days for such fiscal year.

for the first fiscal year following completion of the Partnering Transaction and will
 thereafter be adjusted at the beginning of each subsequent fiscal year to be equal to the greater of (i) the annual VWAP for the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) the price threshold for the preceding fiscal year.

or more of the Company s total assets or (G) issue any Class A ordinary shares in excess of of the Company s then outstanding Class A ordinary shares or that would otherwise require a shareholder vote pursuant to the rules of the stock exchange on which the
 Class A ordinary shares are then listed.

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants were issued as of September 30, 2021. 

fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment, as discussed below, at any time commencing days after the completion of a Partnering
 Transaction, provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is
 available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or
 blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen )
 business days after the closing of the Partnering Transaction, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
 exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the
 expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth th) business day after the closing of the Partnering Transaction, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
 statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
 Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the
 Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it
 will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
 extent an exemption is not available.

17 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

after the completion of the Partnering Transaction, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues
 additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the Partnering Transaction, including the forward purchase shares, at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A ordinary shares (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors
 and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross
 proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding
 of the Partnering Transaction on the date of the consummation of the Partnering Transaction (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day after the day on which the Company consummates the Partnering Transaction (such price, the Market
 Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the 
 redemption price trigger described below will be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

days after the completion of a Partnering Transaction, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long
 as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and
 exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants.

per warrant:

prior written notice of redemption,

per share for any trading days within a trading day period (the trading period ending three 
 business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption, and

trading period and continuing each day thereafter until the date of redemption.

18 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Liabilities: 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Public warrants 

Derivative warrant liabilities - Private placement warrants 

other transfers between Levels in the three months ended September 30,
 2021.

million presented as change in fair
 value of derivative warrant liabilities on the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations.

Stock price 

Volatility 

Term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Dividend yield 

19 

Table of Contents 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Issuance of Public and Private Warrants 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Derivative warrant liabilities at September 30, 2021 (unaudited) 

20 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have
 based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual
 results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify
 forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or
 contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings.

Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on December 29, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of identifying a company to partner with in order to
 effectuate a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar partnering transaction with one or more businesses Partnering Transaction ). The Company may pursue a Partnering Transaction in any business or
 industry but expect to focus on a business where the Company believes its strong network, operational background, and aligned economic structure will provide the Company with a competitive advantage. The Company has not generated revenue to date.

The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering as it is described below, although
 substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward completing a Partnering Transaction. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully complete a
 Partnering Transaction.

The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 30, 2021. On July 6, 2021, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering of 25,000,000 units (the Units and,
 with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 14.4 million, of which
 approximately 8.8 million and approximately 481,000 was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5) and offering costs allocated to derivate warrant liabilities, respectively. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional
 3,090,000 Units (the Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 30.9 million. The
 Company incurred additional offering cost of approximately 1.7 million in connection with the over-allotment, of which approximately 1.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions and approximately 55,000 was offering costs allocated to
 derivative warrant liabilities.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of 5,000,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of 7.5 million (see Note 4).

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, 250.0 million 10.00 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and of the Private Placement
 Warrants in the Private Placement were placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States and will be invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act
 of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government
 treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Partnering Transaction and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below.

The Company must complete a Partnering Transaction with one or more partner candidate businesses having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the taxes
 payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Partnering Transaction. However, the Company will only complete a Partnering Transaction if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 
 or more of the voting securities of the partner candidate or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the partner candidate sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

21 

Table of Contents 

The Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest earned on the funds that may be released to the Company for withdrawals to pay taxes
 including income and franchise taxes and to withdraw up to 100,000 in dissolution expenses in the event the Company does not complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (as defined below), none of the funds held in the Trust
 Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Partnering Transaction; (ii) the redemption of any of the Public Shares by its holders (the Public Shareholders properly tendering Public Shares in connection with a
 shareholder vote to amend certain provisions of the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association prior to a Partnering Transaction or (iii) the redemption of 100 of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a
 Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period (defined below).

The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Partnering Transaction, will either (i) seek shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which
 Public Shareholders may seek to redeem their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Partnering Transaction or do not vote at all, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
 Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Partnering Transaction, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, or (ii)
 provide the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
 on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes. As a result,
 such ordinary shares subject to possible redemption were recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity, in accordance with FASB, ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. The amount in the Trust Account was initially at
 10.00 per Public Share. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Partnering Transaction or will allow shareholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion,
 and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek shareholder approval. If the Company seeks shareholder approval, it will complete
 its Partnering Transaction only if a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares voted are voted in favor of the Partnering Transaction. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible
 assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of the Company s initial Partnering Transaction. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Partnering
 Transaction, and instead may search for an alternate Partnering Transaction.

The Company will only have 24 months (or 27 months if the Company has executed a letter of intent, agreement in principle or definitive agreement for the Partnering Transaction within 24 months) from the closing of
 the Initial Public Offering to complete its initial Partnering Transaction (the Partnering Period ). If the Company does not complete a Partnering Transaction within this period of time (and shareholders do not approve an amendment to the Amended
 and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to extend this date), it will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the
 public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, of 10.00, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
 subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law.

The holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) immediately prior to the Initial Public Offering entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they agreed to (i) waive their redemption
 rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the Partnering Transaction, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection
 with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem 100 of its Public Shares if the Company has not
 consummated a Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-Partnering Transaction activity and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions
 from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within 24 months of the Partnering Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
 Account with respect to any Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the Partnering Transaction within the Partnering Period).

22 

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the letter agreement, the Sponsor (as defined in Note 1) agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the
 Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Partnering Transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below
 the lesser of (i) 10.00 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 10.00 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the Trust
 assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is
 enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.

Prior to the Partnering Transaction or the liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor up to 15,000 per month for office space, administrative support and other services provided to members of the Company s
 management team. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential
 target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Partnering Transactions. The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers or directors, or the Company s or their
 affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Partnering Transaction will be made from funds held outside the Trust Account. As of September 30, 2021, the Company had approximately 44,000 in due to related party for such expense reimbursement,
 which is included in the accrued expenses in the condensed balance sheet.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2021, the Company had approximately 1,054,000 in its operating bank account and a working capital of approximately 1.5 million.

The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from related parties to cover for certain expenses on the Company s behalf in
 exchange for issuance of Founder Shares and Performance Shares (as defined in Note 4), a loan from the Sponsor under the Note (as defined in Note 4) of approximately 231,000, and an advance from the Sponsor of 750,000 to be used in case the
 over-allotment option was exercised in full by the underwriters. The Company repaid the Note balance of approximately 231,000 on July 6, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been
 satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Partnering Transaction, the
 Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of September 30, 2021, there were no amounts outstanding
 under any Working Capital Loan.

Based on the foregoing, management believes that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Partnering Transaction or one
 year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Partnering Transaction candidates, performing
 due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Partnering Transaction.

Results of Operations

Our entire activity from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2021 was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the Initial Public Offering, our search
 for a Partnering Transaction. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Partnering Transaction.

23 

Table of Contents 

For the three months ended as of September 30, 2021, we had net income of approximately 2,232,000, which consisted of a non-cash gain of approximately 3,103,000 for the change in fair value of derivative warrant
 liabilities, and approximately 28,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 363,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 535,000 in offering costs associated with derivative warrant
 liabilities.

For the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of operations) through September 30, 2021, we had net income of approximately 2,188,000, which consisted of a non-cash gain of approximately 3,103,000 for the
 change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities, and approximately 28,000 of income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 408,000 of general and administrative expenses, and approximately 535,000 in offering
 costs associated with derivative warrant liabilities.

Contractual Obligations

Forward Purchase Agreement

On June 30, 2021, the Company entered into a forward purchase agreement (the Forward Purchase Agreement with affiliates of Corsair Capital LLC (the Forward Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Forward Purchasers
 agreed to purchase in the aggregate, up to 10,000,000 Units, with each Unit consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one- third of one warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a purchase
 price of 10.00 per Unit, in private placements to occur concurrently, and only in connection with, the closing of the initial Partnering Transaction. The obligations of the investors under the Forward Purchase Agreement will not depend on whether
 any Class A ordinary shares are redeemed by the Public Shareholders. The obligations of such investors to purchase the forward purchase securities are subject to the approval, prior to the Company entering into a definitive agreement for the
 initial Partnering Transaction, of their respective investment committees and the Forward Purchase Agreement contains customary closing conditions. The Forward Purchase Agreement is not a firm commitment by either party to the agreement. The
 proceeds from the sale of Forward Purchase Securities, if any, may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial Partnering Transaction, expenses in connection with the initial Partnering Transaction or for working capital in
 the post-transaction company.

Registration Rights

The holders of the Founder Shares, Performance Shares, Forward Purchase Securities, Private Placement Warrants and private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class
 A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and private placement warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares and the Performance Shares) were
 entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to
 make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of
 the Partnering Transaction. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Pursuant to the Forward Purchase Agreement, in the event of a sale, if any, of the Forward Purchase Securities, the Company expects to agree to use its reasonable best efforts (i) to file within 30 days after the
 closing of the initial Partnering Transaction a registration statement with the SEC for a secondary offering of the forward purchase shares and the forward purchase warrants (and underlying Class A ordinary shares), (ii) to cause such registration
 statement to be declared effective promptly thereafter but in no event later than 60 days after the initial filing, (iii) to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement until the earliest of (A) the date on which the Forward
 Purchasers or its assignees cease to hold the securities covered thereby and (B) the date all of the securities covered thereby can be sold publicly without restriction or limitation under Rule 144 under the Securities Act and (iv) after such
 registration statement is declared effective, to cause the Company to conduct firm commitment underwritten offerings, subject to certain limitations. In addition, the Forward Purchase Agreement provides for certain piggy-back registration rights
 to the holders of forward purchase securities to include their securities in other registration statements filed by the Company.

24 

Table of Contents 

Underwriting Agreement

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option from the date of the final prospectus relating to the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 3,750,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
 Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On July 15, 2021, the underwriters purchased an additional 3,090,000 Option Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Option Units were
 sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of 30,900,000.

Except for the 1,000,000 Units purchased by certain parties in the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 5.4 million in the aggregate, paid upon
 the closing of the Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment option.

In addition, 0.35 per unit, or approximately 9.8 million in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from
 the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Partnering Transaction, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

This management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited condensed financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The
 preparation of these unaudited condensed financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our
 unaudited condensed financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to fair value of financial instruments and accrued expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience, known
 trends and events and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
 other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies:

Derivative Warrant Liabilities

We do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. We evaluate all of our financial instruments, including issued share purchase warrants, to determine if such
 instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives, pursuant to ASC 480 and FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such
 instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.

The Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815. Accordingly, we recognize the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjusts
 the carrying value of the instruments to fair value at each reporting period until they are exercised. The initial fair value of the Public Warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering were estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation
 model. The fair value of the Public Warrants as of September 30, 2021 is based on observable listed prices for such warrants. The fair value of the Private Placement Warrants as of September 30, 2021 is determined using Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. The determination of the fair value of the warrant liability may be subject to change as more current information becomes available and accordingly the actual results could differ significantly. Derivative warrant liabilities are classified
 as non-current liabilities as their liquidation is not reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities.

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory
 redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the
 holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares is classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary
 shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, 28,090,000 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at
 redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our condensed balance sheet.

25 

Table of Contents 

Under ASC 480-10-S99, we have elected to recognize changes in the redemption value
 immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of the reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date of the
 security. Effective with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment option), we recognized the accretion from initial book value to redemption amount, which resulted in charges against additional
 paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have three classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares, and Class
 F ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the three classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average shares of ordinary shares outstanding for the
 respective period.

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including exercise of the over-allotment option) and
 the Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 14,775,333 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive
 under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share for the three months ended September 30, 2021 and for the period from January 1, 2021 (commencement of
 operations) through September 30, 2021. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

We have considered the effect of Class F ordinary shares that were excluded from the weighted average number as they were contingent on the exercise of over-allotment option by the underwriters. Since the contingency
 was satisfied, the Company included these shares in the weighted average number as of the beginning of the interim period to determine the dilutive impact of these shares.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

As of September 30, 2021, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations.

JOBS Act

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth
 company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
 standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our unaudited condensed financial statements
 may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates.

26 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an
 emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii)
 provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB
 regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the unaudited condensed financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
 compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the
 completion of our Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 3. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 4. 

Controls and Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
 officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
 Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2021, because
 of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a
 material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Specifically, the Company s management has concluded that our control around the interpretation and accounting
 for certain complex equity instruments issued by the Company was not effectively designed or maintained. This material weakness resulted in the restatement of the Company s balance sheet as of July 6, 2021. Additionally, this material weakness
 could result in a misstatement of the carrying value of equity, equity-linked instruments and related accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement of the financial statements that would not be prevented or detected on a
 timely basis. As a result, our management performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted in the United States of America. Accordingly, management
 believes that the financial statements included in this Form 10-Q/A present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, result of operations and cash flows of the period presented. Management understands that the accounting
 standards applicable to our financial statements are complex and has since the inception of the Company benefited from the support of experienced third-party professionals with whom management has regularly consulted with respect to accounting
 issues. Management intends to continue to further consult with such professionals in connection with accounting matters.

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports
 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and
 principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30,
 2021, covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting except for the below.

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer performed additional accounting and financial analyses and other
 post-closing procedures including consulting with subject matter experts related to the accounting for certain complex equity instruments. The Company s management has expended, and will continue to expend, a substantial amount of effort and
 resources for the remediation and improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. While we have processes to properly identify and evaluate the appropriate accounting technical pronouncements and other literature for all
 significant or unusual transactions, we have expanded and will continue to improve these processes to ensure that the nuances of such transactions are effectively evaluated in the context of the increasingly complex accounting standards.

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION

Item 1. 

Legal Proceedings

None.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on June 30, 2021, except for the below: 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting for the Affected Period.
 If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and
 materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

In light of the restatement of our balance sheet, our management and our audit committee concluded that we identified a material weakness in our internal
 controls over financial reporting.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
 possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. We continue to evaluate steps to remediate the
 material weakness. These remediation measures may be time consuming and costly and there is no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any such newly
 identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to
 maintain compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may
 decline as a result. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid potential future material weaknesses.

27 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities

On January 8, 2021, one of our affiliates purchased an aggregate of (a) 2,300,000 founder shares in exchange for a capital contribution of 6,250, or approximately 0.0027 per share and (b) 120,000 performance shares
 for a capital contribution of 18,750, or approximately 0.1563 per share, and on January 21, 2021 (x) exchanged 130,000 founder shares on a one for one basis for performance shares and (y) surrendered 157,500 founder shares. Such founder shares
 and performance shares were assigned to our sponsor on January 28, 2021. On April 30, 2021, our sponsor surrendered 575,000 founder shares for no consideration, such that as of June 30, 2021, there were 1,437,500 founder shares and 250,000
 performance shares issued and outstanding. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and were subsequently transferred to our
 sponsor pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act. The number of founder shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the Initial Public Offering would be a maximum of 28,750,000 units if the
 underwriters over-allotment option was exercised in full and therefore that such founder shares would represent 5 of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering. On July 15, 2021, 33,000 of these founder shares
 were forfeited as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option in connection with the Initial Public Offering such that there are 1,404,500 Class F ordinary shares outstanding as of the date hereof.

Use of Proceeds

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Private Placement and the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option, 280,900,000 of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and
 certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement was placed in a trust account.

We paid a total of 5.6 million in underwriting discounts and commissions and approximately 2.2 million for other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering.

There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering.

Item 3. 

Defaults upon Senior Securities

None.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures .

Not applicable.

Item 5. 

Other Information.

None.

Item 6. 

Exhibits.

Exhibit

 Number

Description

31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document

101.SCH 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE 

XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

Filed herewith.

These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed
 incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

28 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: January 3, 2022 

CORSAIR PARTNERING CORPORATION

By:

/s/ D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Name:

D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

 (Principal Executive Officer)

Dated: January 3, 2022

By:

/s/ Paul Cabral

Name:

Paul Cabral

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc10030367_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, D.T Ignacio Jayanti, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 of Corsair Partnering Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: January 3, 2022

By:

/s/ D.T Ignacio Jayanti

D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 brhc10030367_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 I, Paul Cabral, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 of Corsair Partnering Corporation;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
 operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. 
 
 [Paragraph intentionally omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313];

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
 audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: January 3, 2022

By:

/s/ Paul Cabral

Paul Cabral

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 brhc10030367_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, D.T Ignacio Jayanti, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002, that, to my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: January 3, 2022

/s/ D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Name:

D.T Ignacio Jayanti

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 brhc10030367_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Corsair Partnering Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, as filed with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul Cabral, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
 that, to my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: January 3, 2022

/s/ Paul Cabral

Name:

Paul Cabral

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cors-20210930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cors-20210930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cors-20210930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cors-20210930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cors-20210930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

