<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220701_10-K_edgar_data_1590496_0001213900-22-036794.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11369407</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>446090</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4456573</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2033715</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2188415</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2009138</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-22-036794.hdr.sgml : 20220701
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220701173045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-22-036794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		140
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20211231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220701

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Aerkomm Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001590496
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		IRS NUMBER:				463424568
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55925
		FILM NUMBER:		221062498

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44043 FREMONT BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-742-3094

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		44043 FREMONT BLVD.
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Maple Tree Kids, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-22-036794.txt : 20220701

10-K
 1
 f10k2021_aerkomminc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

., , 

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each
 class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each
 exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As
of June 30, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price of such shares as reported
on The OTCQB Market) was approximately . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer
and director and by each person who owns 10 or more of the outstanding common stock have been excluded from the calculation in that
such persons may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes. 

There were a total of shares of the
registrant s common stock outstanding as of July 1, 2022. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

Aerkomm
Inc. 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

Year
Ended December 31, 2020 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 31 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 46 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 46 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 47 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 47 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 48 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 48 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations. 
 49 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk. 
 57 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 57 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
 and Financial Disclosure. 
 57 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 58 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 58 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 59 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 64 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 67 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
 Director Independence. 
 69 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 71 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 72 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

In
addition to historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
We use words such as believe, expect, anticipate, project, target, 
 plan, optimistic, intend, aim, will or similar expressions which
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning
the following: 

our future financial and
 operating results; 

our intentions, expectations
 and beliefs regarding anticipated growth, market penetration and trends in our business; 

our ability to attract
 and retain customers; 

our dependence on growth
 in our customers businesses; 

the effects of changing
 customer needs in our market; 

the
 impact and effects of the global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and other potential pandemics or contagious diseases
 or fear of such outbreaks, on the global airline and tourist industries, especially in the Asia Pacific region; 

the
 impact and effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine ; 

the effects of market conditions
 on our stock price and operating results; 

our ability to maintain
 our competitive advantages against competitors in our industry; 

our ability to timely and
 effectively adapt our existing technology and have our technology solutions gain market acceptance; 

our ability to introduce
 new offerings and bring them to market in a timely manner; 

our ability to maintain,
 protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

the effects of increased
 competition in our market and our ability to compete effectively; 

our plans to use the proceeds
 from our completed public offering; 

our expectations concerning
 relationship with customers and other third parties; 

the attraction and retention
 of qualified employees and key personnel; 

future acquisitions of
 our investments in complementary companies or technologies; and 

our ability to comply with
 evolving legal standards and regulations. 

These
forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Item
1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and
new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and
circumstances discussed in this annual report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated
or implied in our forward-looking statements. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels of activity, performance or events
and circumstances described in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes
responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any
forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in
our expectations, except as required by law. 

You
should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC, with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances may be
materially different from what we expect. 

ii 

This
report includes market and industry data that has been obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well as
industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including
our management s estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management s knowledge of
such industries has been developed through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party
sources referred to in this annual report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from
such sources referred to in this report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Internally prepared
and third-party market forecasts, in particular, are estimates only and may be inaccurate, especially over long periods of time. Furthermore,
references in this report to any publications, reports, surveys or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting
the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey or
article is not incorporated by reference in this report. 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
annual report should be considered in light of the risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by similar
companies. Our ability to realize our business objectives and execute our strategies is subject to risks and uncertainties, including,
among others, the following: 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our business include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Excluding non-recurring revenues in 2021 and the second quarter of 2019 from affiliates, we have incurred operating losses in every quarter since we launched our business and may continue to incur quarterly operating losses, which could negatively affect the value of our company; 

An extended delay in the transfer of title to us of the Taiwan land parcel that we recently purchased could delay the building of our first satellite ground station and have a negative impact on our business prospects; 

If the transactions contemplated by several memorandums of understanding (MOU) do not proceed, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected; 

We may not be able to grow our business with our current airline partner or successfully negotiate agreements with airlines to which we do not currently provide our service; 

We may experience network capacity constraints in our future operation regions and we expect capacity demands to increase, and we may in the future experience capacity constraints internationally. If we are unable to successfully implement planned or future technology enhancements to increase our network capacity, or our airline partners do not agree to such enhancements, our ability to acquire and maintain sufficient network capacity and our business could be materially and adversely affected; 

We may not be successful in our efforts to develop and monetize new products and services that are currently in development, including our operations-oriented IFEC communications services; 

The demand for in-flight broadband internet access service may decrease or develop more slowly than we expect. We cannot predict with certainty the development of the U.S. or international in-flight broadband internet access market or the market acceptance for our products and services; 

Our possession and use of personal information and the use of credit cards by our customers present risks and expenses that could harm our business. Unauthorized disclosure or manipulation of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose us to costly litigation and damage our reputation; 

We will source our content from studios, distributors and other content providers, and any reduction in the volume of content produced by such content providers could hurt our business by providing us with less quality content to choose from and resulting in potentially less attractive offerings for passengers; and 

We are a holding company with no operations of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 

iii 

Risks Relating to Our Industry 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our industry include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Air traffic congestion at airports, air traffic control inefficiencies, weather conditions, such as hurricanes or blizzards, increased security measures, new travel-related taxes, the outbreak of disease or any other similar event could harm the airline industry; and 

The COVID-19 pandemic may result in a long-term contraction in the global airline industry, the bulk of which likely would be borne by carriers in the Asia-Pacific region. As a development stage IFEC service provider with an emphasis on Asia Pacific, the continuation of the coronavirus pandemic may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and stock price. 

Risks
Relating to Our Technology and Intellectual Property 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our technology and intellectual property include, but are not limited to, the following: 

We
rely on service providers for certain critical components of and services relating to our satellite connectivity network; 

Our
use of open-source software could limit our ability to commercialize our technology; 

The
satellites that we currently rely on or may rely on in the future have minimum design lives, but could fail or suffer reduced capacity
before then; and 

Satellites
that are not yet in service are subject to construction and launch related risks. 

Risks
Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Risks
and uncertainties related to our common stocks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Best Market, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity; 

Our common stock is quoted on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity; 

We may be subject to penny stock regulations and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock; 

Investors may experience immediate and substantial dilution; and 

Our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock price to decline. 

In addition, we face other risks and uncertainties
that may materially affect our business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider the risks discussed
in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this annual report before investing in our common stocks. 

iv 

Use
of Terms 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context and for the purposes of this report only, references in this report to: 

we, 
 us, our, or our company, are to the combined business
 of Aerkomm Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries; 

Aircom 
 are to Aircom Pacific, Inc., a California corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of our
 company; 

Aerkomm
 HK are to Aerkomm Hong Kong Limited, previously Aircom Pacific Inc. Limited, a Hong
 Kong company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom; 

Aerkomm
 Japan are to Aerkomm Japan Inc., previously Aircom Japan, Inc., a Japanese company
 and wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom; 

Aerkomm
 Malta are to Aerkomm Pacific Limited, a Malta company and wholly owned subsidiary
 of Aircom Seychelles; 

Aerkomm
 Taiwan are to Aerkomm Taiwan Inc., a Taiwanese company and wholly owned subsidiary
 of our company; 

Aerkomm
 SY are to Aerkomm SY Ltd., previously Aircom Pacific Ltd., a Republic of Seychelles
 company and wholly owned subsidiary of Aerkomm; 

Aircom
 Taiwan are to Aircom Telecom LLC, a Taiwanese company and wholly owned subsidiary
 of Aircom; 

Beijing
 Yatai are to Beijing Yatai Communication Co., Ltd., a company organized under the
 laws of China and a wholly owned subsidiary of Aerkomm Taiwan; 

SEC 
 refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; and 

Exchange
 Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

v 

PART
I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Overview

With
advanced technologies and a unique business model, we, as a development stage service provider of IFEC solutions, intend to provide airline
passengers with a broadband in-flight experience that encompasses a wide range of service options. Such options include Wi-Fi, cellular,
movies, gaming, live TV, and music. We plan to offer these core services, which we are currently still developing, through both built-in
in-flight entertainment systems, such as a seat-back display, as well as on passengers own personal devices. We also expect to
provide content management services and e-commerce solutions related to our IFEC solutions. 

We
plan to partner with airlines and offer airline passengers free IFEC services. We expect to generate revenue through advertising and
in-flight transactions. We believe that this is an innovative approach that differentiates us from existing market players. 

To
complement and facilitate our planned IFEC service offerings, we intend to build satellite ground stations and related data centers within
the geographic regions where we expect to be providing IFEC airline services. 

Additionally,
we have developed and begun to market two internet connectivity systems, one for hotels primarily located in remote regions and the other
for maritime use. Both systems operate through a Ku/Ku high throughput satellite, or HTS. We also expect to develop a remote connectivity
system that will be applicable to the highspeed rail industry. 

Recent
Developments 

Changes
in Company s Certifying Accountant 

Former
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
January 27, 2022, Chen Fan Accountancy Corporation Chen Fan resigned as the independent accounting firm of
Aerkomm Inc. (the Company ), effective as of January 27, 2022. 

The
audit reports of Chen Fan on the Company s financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019 contained no adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting
principles. 

During
the Company s two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and for the subsequent interim period through September
30, 2021, the Company had no disagreements (as described in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K) with Chen Fan on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements,
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Chen Fan, would have caused it to make reference in connection with its opinion to the subject
matter of the disagreements. 

During
the Company s two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and for the subsequent interim period through September
30 , 2021, there was no reportable event, as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K and the
instructions related thereto. 

New
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
January 27, 2022, the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed Friedman LLP Friedman as its
new independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman was subsequently dismissed on May 19, 2022, and on May 19, 2022, the Audit
Committee and the Board of Directors of the Company appointed WWC, P.C. WWC as its new independent registered public
accounting firm to audit and review the Company s financial statements, effective May 20, 2022. 

During
the Company s two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and for the subsequent interim period through the
date hereof prior to the engagement of WWC, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted WWC regarding (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or on the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on the consolidated financial statements of the Company, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company that
WWC concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting
issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K or a reportable
event as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

Aircom
Pacific Ltd. (Seychelles) 

On
November 8, 2021, our Company completed the transfer of ownership of Aircom Pacific Ltd. to Aerkomm from Aircom and the name was also
changed to Aerkomm SY Ltd. 

1 

Aircom
Pacific Inc. Limited (Hong Kong) 

On
November 8, 2021, our Company completed the transfer of ownership of Aircom Pacific Inc. Limited to Aerkomm from Aircom and the name
was also changed to Aerkomm Hong Kong Limited. 

Aircom
Japan, Inc. (Japan) 

On
November 9, 2021, our Company completed the transfer of ownership of Aircom Japan, Inc. to Aerkomm from Aircom and the name was also
changed to Aerkomm Japan, Inc. 

Aerkomm
Trademark 

On
December 1, 2020, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO issued a Final Office Action relating to Aerkomm
Inc. indicating that our US trademark application (Serial No. 88464588) for the name AERKOMM, which was originally filed
with the USPTO on June 7, 2019, was being rejected because of a likelihood of confusion with a similarly sounding name trademarked at,
and in use from, an earlier date. We successfully appealed this USPTO action and the USPTO issued a trademark registration for the service
mark AERKOMM under Trademark Class 38 (telecommunications) on November 2, 2021 and Trademark Class 41 (entertainment services) on November
23, 2021. 

Aircom
Telecom obtains Telecom License from the National Communications Commission of Taiwan 

On
May 25, 2021, Aircom Telecom was awarded a telecom license from the National Communications Commission of Taiwan. This is significant
achievement for Aerkomm as it is a prerequisite for our future planned entry into the Asia/Pacific rim satellite market. 

Vietjet
Service Agreement 

On
October 25, 2021, we signed an agreement with Vietjet Air Vietjet to provide them with our Aerkomm AirCinema In-Flight
Entertainment and Connectivity IFEC solutions. 

Under
the terms of the agreement, we will provide to Vietjet our Aerkomm AirCinema Cube IFEC system for installation on Vietjet s fleet
of Airbus A320, A321 and Airbus A330-300 aircraft. 

Our
AirCinema Cube system, will provide Vietjet with connectivity to passengers personal electronic devices with WiFi capability,
including laptops, mobile phones and tablets, using an intranet-based solution. The AirCinema Cube system will host music, documentaries
and movies provided by Google Play Movies and Television, as well as news feeds, both in the English and Vietnamese languages, provided
by global and local news suppliers. The AirCinema Cube will also be customized to Vietjet s branding, will host an in-flight moving
map, an in-flight sales platform and a cabin management system together with Vietjet s own in-flight services. 

Joint
Venture Agreement 

On
January 10, 2022, we entered into a joint venture (the Joint Venture agreement (the Agreement with Sakai
Display Products Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of Japan SDPJ ), and PanelSemi Corporation, a company
incorporated under the laws of Taiwan PanelSemi ). We did not have any relationship with SDPJ or PanelSemi prior to entering
into the Agreement. 

Through
this Joint Venture, we will develop and commercialize a tile antenna Tile Antenna ). The Joint Venture will be operated
through Mepa Labs Inc., a newly formed California corporation MLI ), which will be owned initially 100 by SDPJ. We will
license to MLI our intellectual property, know-how and research and development results related to the Tile Antenna. SDPJ will provide
MLI with working capital to develop the Tile Antenna proof of concept POC ). Upon approval of the POC by an initial customer
or a laboratory each approved by SDPJ, we will contribute the intellectual property to MLI in exchange for 52 of the equity interest
in Newco, and SDPJ and PanelSemi collectively will contribute 20 million in cash (less the contributions funded prior to the POC approval).
SDPJ will hold 45 of Newco s equity interest and PanelSemi will hold the remaining 3 . 

Moreover,
according to the Agreement, SDPJ will invest 7.5 million in Aerkomm via private placement subject to and upon approval of the POC. 

In
the event that the POC is not approved within 11 months following the signing of the Agreement, the Joint Venture will be terminated,
at which time we will terminate the intellectual property license to Newco and Newco will remain 100 owned by SDPJ. 

Effective
October 1, 2021, we entered into a finder s agreement with a Seychelles based company that introduced us to SDPJ. In accordance
with the terms of this finder s agreement and as the fee for the introduction to SDPJ, we have agreed to issue to the finder warrants
to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 10 of the gross proceeds of capital contributed to the Joint Venture by
SDPJ and its related parties. 

2 

Aerkomm
chairs MIH Consortium Next Generation Communication Interest Group 

In
February 2022, Aerkomm was appointed as the chair of the Next Generation Communication interest group of the MIH Consortium.
This MIH group was formed to begin an industry discussion on the standardization of 6G satellite communication protocols. 

The
MIH Consortium of Taipei operates the MIH Open EV Alliance and was formed with the objective of creating an open EV ecosystem to promote
collaboration in the mobility industry. MIH s goal is to bring strategic partners together to build the next generation of EV,
autonomous driving, and mobility service applications. 

Our
Corporate History and Structure 

Aircom
was incorporated in the State of California on September 29, 2014. On December 28, 2016, Aircom purchased 140,000 shares, or approximately
86.3 , of the outstanding common stock of the public company then known as Maple Tree Kids, Inc. MTKI for the purpose
of engaging in a reverse acquisition with MTKI. MTKI was incorporated on August 14, 2013 in the State of Nevada. On January 10, 2017,
in anticipation of the reverse acquisition and Aircom s new business, MKTI changed its name to Aerkomm Inc. On February 13, 2017,
Aircom and its shareholders entered into a share exchange agreement with Aerkomm pursuant to which Aerkomm acquired 100 of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Aircom in exchange for approximately 99.7 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Aerkomm (or
87.8 on a fully-diluted basis). As a result of the share exchange, Aircom became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aerkomm, and the former
shareholders of Aircom became the holders of approximately 99.7 of Aerkomm s issued and outstanding capital stock. 

Aerkomm
SY was formed under the laws of Seychelles on December 15, 2009 as Gulach Ltd. and changed its name to Aircom Pacific Ltd. on August
19, 2014 and to Aerkomm SY Ltd. on November 8, 2021. Aerkomm SY was acquired by Aircom on December 31, 2014 and the ownership was transferred
to Aerkomm on November 8, 2021 to facilitate Aerkomm s global corporate structure for both business operations and tax planning.
Presently, Aerkomm SY has no operations. Aerkomm is working with corporate and tax advisers in optimizing its global corporate structure
and has not yet concluded a revised plan of organization. 

On
October 17, 2016, Aircom acquired Aerkomm HK. Aerkomm HK is a Hong Kong limited company formed on October 3, 2008 as Yanwei Information
Technology Limited. Aerkomm HK changed its name to Dadny Inc Limited on September 6, 2011 and changed its name again to Aircom Pacific
Inc. Limited on July 22, 2015 and again to Aerkomm Hong Kong Limited on November 8, 2021. On November 8, 2021, the ownership of Aerkomm
HK was transferred from Aircom to Aerkomm. Aerkomm HK is in charge of all of Aircom s business and operations in Hong Kong and
China. Presently, Aerkomm HK s primary function is business development, both with respect to airlines as well as content providers
and advertising partners based in Hong Kong and China. It is also actively seeking strategic partnerships in those areas, through which
Aerkomm may leverage its product offerings to provide enhanced services to prospective customers. Aerkomm also plans to provide local
support to Hong Kong-based airlines via Aerkomm HK and Aerkomm HK owned teleports located in Hong Kong. 

On
December 15, 2016, Aircom acquired Aerkomm Japan. Aerkomm Japan was formed under the laws of Japan on August 29, 2011 as Dadny (Japan)
Inc. and changed its name to Aircom Japan, Inc. on July 1, 2016 and changed its name again to Aerkomm Japan, Inc. on November 8, 2021.
The ownership of Aerkomm Japan was transferred from Aircom to Aerkomm on November 8, 2021. Aerkomm Japan is responsible for Aerkomm s
business development efforts and general operations located within Japan. 

Aircom
Taiwan, which became a wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom in December 2017, was organized under the laws of Taiwan on June 29, 2016. During
2017, prior to Aircom Taiwan becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom, Aircom advanced a total of 460,000 (the Prepayment to Aircom Taiwan for working capital as part of a planned 1,500,000 aggregate equity investment (the Equity Investment in Aircom Taiwan. Aircom Taiwan at that time acted as Aircom s agent in Taiwan. Before Aircom Taiwan was allowed to issue equity
to Aircom, because Aircom was a foreign investor, the Equity Investment had to be approved by the Investment Review Committee of the
Ministry of Economic affairs of Taiwan (the Committee ). Aircom entered into an Equity Pre-Subscription Agreement with Aircom
Taiwan dated as of August 13, 2017, to memorialize the terms of the Equity Investment. On December 19, 2017, the Committee approved Aircom s
initial Equity Investment (valued as of that date at NT 15,150,000, or approximately US 500,000) and the purchase of the Aircom Taiwan s
founding owner s total equity of NT 100,000 (approximately US 3,350). As a result of the approval of the Equity Investment, Aircom
Taiwan became a 100 wholly owned subsidiary of Aircom. 

3 

On
June 13, 2018, Aerkomm established Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. as a new wholly owned subsidiary under the laws of Taiwan. Aerkomm Taiwan Inc.
is responsible for Aircom s business development efforts and general operations within Taiwan. We are currently planning to
locate the site of our first ground station in Taiwan and we expect that if we raise sufficient funds to move forward with this project
(although that cannot be guaranteed), Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. will play a significant role in building and operating that ground station. 

On
November 15, 2018, Aircom Taiwan acquired Beijing Yatai. The purpose of this acquisition is for Beijing Yatai is to conduct Aircom s
business and operations in China. Presently, Beijing Yatai s primary function is business development, both with respect to airlines
as well as content providers and advertisement partners based in China as most business conducted in China requires a local registered
company. Beijing Yatai is also actively seeking strategic partnerships through which Aircom may leverage its product offerings in order
to provide enhanced services to prospective customers. Aircom also plans to provide local support to China-based airlines via Beijing
Yatai and its future planned teleports to be located in China. On November 6, 2020, 100 ownership of Beijing Yatai was transferred from
Aircom Taiwan to Aerkomm Taiwan for restructuring purpose. 

On
October 31, 2019, Aerkomm SY established a new wholly owned subsidiary, Aerkomm Pacific Limited, or Aerkomm Malta, a corporation formed
under the laws of Malta. The purpose of Aerkomm Malta is to conduct Aerkomm s business and operations and to engage with suppliers
and potential airline customers both in Europe and worldwide. 

Our
Corporate Operational Structure 

We
are a holding company. All of our business operations are conducted through our several operating subsidiaries with our core operational
and business activities being directed through Aircom. The chart below presents our corporate structure as of the date of this annual
report: 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 44043 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. The telephone number at our principal executive office
is (877) 742-3094. 

4 

Our
Industry 

The
following discussion takes into account the negative impact on our industry and markets of the onset of the COVID-19 coronavirus which
was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China in December 2019, to the extent that it is currently possible to quantify such impact.
Although it is too early to determine the medium- and long-term impact and effect of the coronavirus and to quantitatively measure that
impact and effect, there can be no certainty with respect to any of the growth projections referenced below, and we expect that, at least
in the short term, the coronavirus could have a negative impact on our business prospects and the market introduction of our IFEC product
offerings. See our discussion of the coronavirus in the Risk Factors section of this annual report, below. 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic is having a particularly adverse impact on the airline industry. The outbreak in China and throughout the world since
December 2019 has led to a precipitous decrease in the number of daily departures and arrivals for domestic and international flights. 

Recent
Market Information 

In
the IATA (International Air Transportation Association) Report COVID-19 Airline Industry Outlook, published on October 4, 2021, the following
key points were highlighted: 

Economic
 recovery boost air cargo and domestic travel. International RPKs (Revenue per Kilometer)
 -68.8 , Domestic RPKs (Revenue per Kilometer) -32.2 , CTKs (Cargo Tonne Kilometer) +7.7 
 (Aug 21 vs Aug19) 

Travel
 restrictions limit the international travel recovery. There has been a modest easing of travel
 restrictions. 

5 

Progress
 in vaccination would allow ease of restrictions. Widespread vaccination has been achieved
 in major developed markets. 

There
 is a substantial pent-up demand for travel. US Europe reopening followed by surge
 bookings: 

Recovery
 in international travel will be uneven in 2022. Intra-European and Europe North America
 travel will outpace Asia. 

6 

Domestic
 air travel demand will continue to be strong. Domestic RPKs (Revenue per Kilometer) will
 be 93 ., whilst international will be 44 of pre-crisis levels in 2022. 

Revenue
 recovery will continue in 2022, to 79 of 2019. 

In
the IATA (International Air Transportation Association) Airlines Financial Monitor dated December 2021 January 2022, published
on January 17, 2022, the following key points were highlighted: 

The
 latest financial results confirm that the pressure on the industry s operating profitability
 eased in Q3 2021. In the sample of 87 airlines, the operating loss improved from 13.6 of
 revenues in Q2 to 2.6 in Q3. 

The
 Global airline share price index picked up in January 2022 rising by 5.8 in the first half
 of January. The improvement was driven by investors confidence that the new Omicron
 variant will lead to fewer hospitalizations than other strains and therefore related disruptions
 might have a smaller impact on the travel industry than previously expected. 

The
 latest financial results confirm that pressure on airlines operating profitability
 eased in Q3 thanks to a gradual improvement in passenger traffic and a booming air cargo
 business. The industry-wide operating loss was 2.6 of revenues over the July- September
 period, compared with a 13.6 loss in Q2. 

7 

In
 the sample of 58 airlines, the industry-wide net cashflow from operating activities was at
 -1 of revenues in Q3. This represents a significant improvement versus Q3 2020 (around -50 ). 

Taking
 a closer look at different sources of passenger revenues, premium class passenger traffic
 continues to lag the recovery in the economy counterpart. 

Looking
 ahead, some of the North American airlines improved their revenue forecast for Q4, stating
 that travel demand remained robust during the holiday season despite Omicron disruptions.
 That said, costs pressures are expected to rise as well. 

For
 March 2022, the global aircraft fleet size stands at 28,394 aircraft, with 22,798 aircraft
 active and 5,596 grounded. When March 2022 is compared to March 2021, there is a 15 increase
 in the active global active fleet. 

The global capacity figures are steadily rising 

Having
 reached 91.6 million weekly scheduled seats , global
 capacity figures peaked at the end of March 2022 

There
 is a 46 increase compared to the same week in March 2021 and an 86 increase compared to
 March 2020. 

8 

In
 February 2022 compared to the same month in 2021, there is a 25 increase in worldwide aircraft
 deliveries 

9 

Impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine
on aviation 

The impact on aviation pales in comparison
to the unfolding humanitarian crisis, though the aviation industry promotes peace and freedom by bringing people together, and its implications
need to be both assessed and addressed. IATA has issued the latest fact sheet on the conflict issued March 8, 2022: 

The Ukrainian airspace is closed, putting a halt to the movements by air of roughly
3.3 of total air passenger traffic in Europe, and to 0.8 of total traffic globally, as per 2021. 

Belarus has prohibited flights over parts of its territory, while Moldova has
fully shut its airspace. Those two countries account for minor shares of regional and global air passenger traffic. 

Based on the latest news, close to 40 countries, including EU countries, the UK
and the US, have closed their airspace to Russian airlines. Russia has in turn banned airlines in most of those countries from entering
or flying over Russia. International air passengers between Russia and Europe accounted for 5.7 of total European traffic in 2021, 5.2 
of global international traffic and for 1.3 of global total traffic (Table 1). 

In
2021, Russian domestic RPKs (revenue passenger kilometers) accounted for 4.5 of global RPKs. The Russian domestic air passenger and
cargo market will be impacted by sanctions on leased aircraft, spare parts, maintenance, and training. At present, airlines continue
to operate regular schedules, outside of the airspace close to Ukraine, which has been shut. Industry experts in Russia estimate that
after the extent of the disruption is likely to become more apparent within two months from the start of the war. 

With Russian airspace closed to carriers from close to 40 countries, flights will
have to be rerouted or cancelled. The most heavily impacted markets are Europe-Asia and Asia-North America. This includes flights between
the US and Northeast Asia, and between Northern Europe and most of Asia. In 2021, RPKs flown between Asia-North America and Asia-Europe
accounted for 3.0 and 4.5 of global international RPKs respectively, both below their shares prior to the pandemic, due to the slow
international recovery in Asia. 

The conflict and related sanctions will clearly reduce global trade, investment,
and overall economic activity. Much uncertainty still reigns regarding the war, its potential reach, and its duration. From where we stand
today, we can expect up to 1 percentage point of global GDP growth to be lost. Hence, a global recession is not currently in the cards,
as the IMF forecasted global GDP to grow by 4.4 before the war. It is also worth noting that the world faced a Brent oil price in excess
of USD 100 per barrel during 2011-2014, a period when global GDP growth averaged close to 3 . 

10 

Though Russia and Ukraine are important to the world economy as large exporters
of energy, precious metals, wheat, and other commodities, the two together account for less than 2 of global GDP. Most major economies
have only limited trade exposure to Russia. Only 0.5 of US trade is with Russia, and the latter represents 2.4 of China s trade.
The economy of Russia, on the other hand, is likely to see a double-digit outright contraction this year, and for Ukraine the outcome
will in all probability be worse still. 

Longer term, Russia s war on Ukraine will almost certainly lead to increased
military spending. Total global military expenditure rose to nearly USD 2 trillion in 2020, according to the Stockholm International Peace
Research Institute (SIPRI), representing 2.4 of global GDP. Military spending adds to GDP growth but detracts from achieving development
goals in a world already carrying record levels of debt. 

1. 
 Aviation Industry 

Immediately prior to the onset of the
COVID-19 pandemic, there were, according to Airbus and Boeing, more than 23,000 commercial aircraft flying globally, a number that was
expected to more than double in the next 20 years. Both Airbus and Boeing had estimated that the global fleet of commercial aircraft would
increase from 23,000 planes in 2019 to more than 45,000 in 2040, according to their respective 2021 reports, Global Market Forecast
report 2021 2040 and Commercial Market Outlook 2021 2040. The Global Market Forecast report 2021
 2040 predicted that the increase would include 40 for aircraft replacement and 60 for growth, with Asia-Pacific (excluding Peoples
Republic of China) accounting for 25 of deliveries. 

11 

Prior to COVID-19, passenger numbers
were also experiencing strong growth. While COVID-19 brought disruption to business practices and shifted demand, it is important to remember
the resiliency of this market and the significance of servicing the industry. This is driven by global commerce, peoples desire
to travel, the need to visit family and friends, explore the world and build relationships. 

Airbus expects a full recovery of air
traffic between 2023 and 2025. 

We cannot predict the future; however,
the success of our business is predicated on the return to sustainability of the airlines industry and the acceptance of our IFEC product
offerings which are discussed below. 

2. 
 In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity 

Recently, there have been more than
4 billion passengers flying globally, annually, spread across 23,000 airplanes. Only approximately 25 of these airplanes are equipped
to offer some form of onboard connectivity with sometimes erratic quality, slow speeds and low broadband. According to the industry s
largest poll of passenger attitudes, Inmarsat s Inflight Connectivity Survey 3 , in-flight Wi-Fi is a key driver in forming
customer loyalty and satisfaction among today s airline passengers. 

Aviation an industry hammered
by the fallout from COVID-19 more than most is certainly facing the future with a reset ethos powered by the potential of digitalization.
That s the belief of a new paper by Cranfield University. Entitled Digital Now: Why the Future of Aviation Starts with Connectivity ,
the report, presented in partnership with Inmarsat, outlines how a perfect storm of the pandemic and a heightened
awareness of climate change, and what needs to be done to mitigate these affects, has caused aviation s key industry stakeholders,
its customers, and governments across the globe to fundamentally reconsider their priorities and the sector s future service offering. 

Central to this change is digital connectivity.
In her foreword, Cranfield University s Chief Executive and Vice-Chancellor Professor Karen Holford CBE FREng notes that technology
can put aviation on a path towards a brighter and more sustainable future. 

The report considers how digital connectivity
 in all its forms, can enable and accelerate the rapidly changing needs of air travellers and of the aviation sector itself. It
has identified specific challenges and opportunities that, if addressed, will have a direct effect on the sector s resilience, its
contribution to reducing climate change, and to new customer service offerings that will enhance passengers willingness to travel
in the post-pandemic world. 

The Cranfield University report is
divided into seven highly illuminating chapters and the main conclusions from this report are the following: 

The COVID-19 pandemic has shifted the behavior of key stakeholders in the aviation sector; customers,
governments and the airlines themselves are reconsidering their priorities and the sector s future service offering. In some instances,
the pandemic has helped accelerate efforts towards a more efficient and secure airspace that is fit for the future, but most of all it
has created a new stronger focus on the sector s use of digital data. Whether considering climate change, system design and reliability
or economic resilience, the acquisition of new and higher quality data from across the entire sector will be increasingly important for
building a sustainable future for the aviation system as a whole. Data will be needed for anticipating risks and ensuring there is greater
cross-sector flexibility to deal with them; or testing the alternative technologies needed for a sustainable aviation business; to develop
new kinds of shared frameworks, systems and technologies; and for improving and ensuring cybersecurity. 

New aircraft-based technologies and standards are giving rise to both Connected Aircraft 
and the Connected Cockpit connected-anywhere concepts that have fully connected digital ecosystems enabled by multiple data
links. These ecosystems feature secure, high-bandwidth satellite connectivity alongside a combination of radio and internet streaming
(5G, LTE, Wi-Fi and commercial networks) transferring significant quantities of data (terabytes). The complexity and interoperability
of future ecosystems is seen as a significant challenge for the technology providers, regulators and airlines. A future vision of an aircraft
connected system network is presented where radio-based infrastructure and satellite-based communications systems support airport communications
systems for advanced connected aircraft systems and surface movement guidance and control. 

12 

As a result of the rapidly increasing availability of aircraft technical performance data, Integrated
Vehicle Health Management (IVHM) is transforming the use of aircraft sensors into information than can be used to support platform health
management decisions. As a result, scheduled time-based maintenance is replaced by condition-based maintenance strategies, so reducing
engineer time and costs. Looking further into the future, aircraft performance management towards Conscious Aircraft concepts
which, through self-sensing and monitoring of a system s components, can either suggest appropriate maintenance actions or take
action itself, so creating the potential for a zero-maintenance aircraft platform. 

The pandemic and the concern over climate change has changed society s attitude towards air travel
and is causing both airports and airlines to reconsider their service offerings and business models. Increased biosafety awareness has
accelerated the introduction of a variety of new digital technologies including; health passports or travel passes, touchless
identity screening, virtual queuing and airport flow management, that together are enabling safe, seamless movement through airports by
reducing contact points, increasing border bio security and so seeking to restore passenger confidence in travel. By whatever means, it
is recognized that air travel needs to be made safe, workable and convenient, and, most of all, airlines and airports, with their supply
chains and collaborators, will need to be able to adapt rapidly to changing market needs. Airlines in particular will need tro be more
flexible and agile than they been in the past if they are to survive inevitable new shocks. 

Enhanced digital connectivity is enabling the concept of a connected journey to become possible
through creating more efficient and personalized wayfinding through airport, more intelligent and responsive baggage tracking and real-time
updates on the condition and progress of cargo in transit. Passengers, are moreover, requesting that they are better informed of unavoidable
weather-related disruptions and that alternative personalized travel arrangements are made available to them in a timely manner and digitally. 

Inflight, passengers and crew now expect the same levels of personal digital connectivity as they experience
in their everyday lives. Digital IFE services, for example, that were once only provided by the premium long-haul carriers, are now having
to be considered by the low-cost carriers. Providing seamless connectivity to passengers own tablets and smartphones bring
your own is seen as a means of avoiding costly and heavy aircraft upgrades, and potentially introducing new IFE service revenue
streams through subscription of third-party advertising for the low-cost carriers. Beyond IFE, new digital services could support a greater
sensing of individual passenger wellbeing (e.g. anxiety levels) and service satisfaction, provide individual onward travel information,
support onboard virtual queueing for toilets and meal distribution. The overall effect would be to provide an enhanced and, most importantly,
personal inflight service. Various options to monetize passenger connectivity services are being considered and will be essential to defray
additional launch and operational costs. Ranging from simple time-charged data access to online retail purchasing from the trolley service,
access to subscription and entertainment services and clickable third-party advertising from destination providers (hotels, tourist attractions,
etc.), it is anticipated that the commercial viability of these services will regulate the pace of adoption within the sector. 

Currently, less than 25 of the world s
airline companies are providing some form of in-flight WiFi services through third-party providers. We believe that there is a huge market
potential among the remaining unconnected airlines. 

According to the Boeing Report titled
 Commercial Market Outlook 2019 2038, it has been projected that by the end of 2030, two-thirds of the world s
aircraft fleet will have some form of connectivity, whether through retrofit or line fit at production stage. Currently, the majority
of connectivity upgrades are being done through aircraft modification as in-service aircraft are outfitted with new and high-speed systems.
It is estimated that more than one thousand commercial aircraft are being upgraded annually. Eventually, more airplanes will be delivered
from the production line with connectivity installed. However, whether aircraft connectivity is being carried out as a retrofit, or built
into the initial aircraft production line, the evolution of IFEC technology shows that the demand for connectivity is increasing. 

The Internet of Things (IOT) will also
be an important enabler, to link in real time not only passenger but also core cabin components, including aircraft galleys, meal trolleys
and other cabin elements. These IOT enhancements will allow simultaneous data exchange for the crew of an aircraft throughout the cabin. 

Furthermore, airlines will be able
to use increased cabin connectivity to perform predictive maintenance analytics over their entire fleet, thus improving the overall cabin
service reliability, quality and performance on board all of their aircraft. 

13 

Our IFEC Solutions 

Aviation 

With our advanced technologies and an innovative
business model, we plan to provide airline passengers with a broadband in-flight experience that encompasses a wide range of service options.
Such options include Wi-Fi, cellular, movies, gaming, live TV, and music. We plan to offer these core services through both built-in in-flight
entertainment systems, such as a seatback display, as well as on passengers personal devices including laptops, mobile telephones
and tablets. We also plan to provide content management services and e-commerce solutions related to our IFEC solutions. This system will
operate through Ka high throughput satellites, or HTSs. 

The diagram below shows Aircom s planned
services options and e-commerce options. 

We also plan to provide related content management
services and on-board e-commerce solutions for commercial airlines. We expect that a complete e-commerce and mobile entertainment platform
will place control of content, service delivery and commercial strategy firmly in Aircom s hands vis a vis the airlines that may
acquire our IFEC products and services. Our in-flight e-commerce solution will encompass on-line shopping, trading, travel options and
duty-free sales, as well as other varied product offerings. 

We have two business models in place for our approach
to the IFEC aviation market, one relating to commercial airlines and one to corporate business jets: 

1. 
 Commercial Airlines 

Traditionally, providers of in-flight
connectivity have focused primarily on the profit margin derived from the sale of hardware to airlines and of bandwidth to passengers.
Both airlines and passengers must pay to play, which results in low participation and usage rates. 

We break away from this model and expect
to set a new trend with our innovative business approach which, we believe, will set us apart from our competitors by our partnering with
airlines and other strategic partners, such as online advertisers and content providers, to offer commercial airlines our IFEC system
hardware at no cost and to airline passengers free connectivity solutions. Airlines will potentially be able to generate new revenues
through participating in our revenue sharing model while passengers will not be required to pay for connectivity. We believe that, taken
together, this novel approach will create an incentive for airlines to work with us, and this collaboration should act to drive up passenger
usage rates. We believe that this is an innovative approach that will differentiate us from most existing market players. We currently
have an agreement in place with our first commercial airliner customer, Hong Kong Airlines (discussed below). 

Our main source of revenue is expected
to be derived from the content channeled through our IFEC network from selected partners including internet companies, content providers,
advertisers, telecom service providers, e-commerce participants, and premium sponsors. In other words, we plan to use connectivity as
a tool rather than as a commodity for sale, which we believe will allow us to achieve a greater return. By providing free connectivity
which, we expect, will result in the generation of a large volume of content traffic, we believe that we will create a multiplying effect
that will result in a value that exceeds the sum of its parts. 

Once our Aerkomm K++ system is approved
by Airbus and receives the applicable airworthiness certifications, which process we expect to be completed in the beginning of second
quarter of 2021, as further discussed below, we will begin providing our Aerkomm K++ systems for installation on commercial airline aircraft. 

2. 
 Corporate Jet Customers 

According to the 2018 business aviation
forecast published by Honeywell Aerospace 4 , during the next five years, 87 of new purchased business jets are expected to
require satellite communications technology to facilitate internet connectivity. The same report states that business jet manufacturers
are projected to deliver 7,700 new aircraft valued at 251 billion during the next 10 years. We believe that these statistics, as well
as our own research, indicate that there is a strong demand by corporate jet owners to have high-speed internet connectivity installed
on their aircraft. We do not believe, however, that corporate jet customers would generate sufficient internet traffic to make a free-service
business model profitable for us. Consequently, we have modified our business model to address the limitations of this additional market. 

4 
 Avionics International, Business General Aviation, Connectivity Buying Trends Favorable for Satellite Connectivity , October 14, 2018 

14 

To capitalize on this market, we plan
to sell our IFEC system hardware to corporate jet owners through the Airbus Corporate Jets (ACJ) and Boeing Business Jets (BBJ) programs.
In addition to selling our IFEC systems equipment, we will also sell these corporate jet aircraft owners the bandwidth required for the
operation of our services, priced on a subscription plan basis. This business model would generate revenue and income directly from the
sale of our IFEC hardware and related bandwidth. We already have an agreement in place with our first corporate jet and launch customer,
MJet GMBH (discussed below), and we are in advanced discussion with a number of additional potential customers both directly through our
corporate network and through Airbus. We cannot give any assurances at this time, however, that we will be able to successfully complete
any of these additional discussions. 

Once our Aerkomm K++ system is approved
by Airbus and receives the applicable airworthiness certifications, which process we expect to be completed during the first quarter of
2023, we will begin selling our Aerkomm K++ systems for installation on Airbus ACJ aircraft. 

Aircom Pacific, at Airbus invitation,
attended the Airbus ACJ Customer Forum which was held in Singapore in February 2019. This Airbus ACJ Customer Forum provided Aircom a
unique opportunity to network with ACJ customers, operators and key industry players within the Airbus Corporate Jet community. At the
Airbus ACJ Customer Forum, Aircom was provided the opportunity to demonstrate the Aerkomm K++ system. A number of ACJ clients at the Airbus
ACJ Customer Forum showed interest in our IFEC product offering and we are currently in active discussions with these parties. We expect
to participate in future Airbus ACJ Customer Forums to be scheduled in the future in one or more European venues. 

Our Connectivity Solutions Ka/Ku
Band Satellites 

We expect to bring connectivity on-board to aircraft
through communication satellites. As depicted in the diagram below, aircraft equipped with an on-board connectivity system can communicate
with a satellite via an airborne antenna. The satellite then relays the information to a ground station, which is equipped with a high-power
satellite dish and is connected to the Internet through our proprietary ground system. 

Most in-flight connectivity systems currently
in the market rely on the Ku-band satellite signals for communication. Many players in the market are working to provide higher bandwidth
and faster transmitting rates using the Ka-band. 

Below is a diagram, provided by the European Space
Agency, showing the variety of satellite frequency bands. The higher the frequency bands, such as Ka, the wider the bandwidth. With the
variety of satellite frequency bands that can be used, designations have been developed so that they can be referred to easily. 

15 

In satellite communications, the Ka-band allows higher bandwidth communication.
Ka-band high-throughput-satellite systems reuse frequency bands in spot beams for much higher system capacity and better spectrum efficiency. 

Currently, there are few Ka-enabled satellites,
which limits the coverage area in certain areas of the Asia-Pacific region. However, new GEO (Geostationary Earth Orbiting) and LEO (Low
Earth Orbiting) Ka-band satellites are being regularly launched and this increase in satellites is expected to provide worldwide Ka-band
coverage within the next few years. 

Our Aerkomm K++ system architecture will bring
our aviation partners and their passengers the benefits of both GEO and LEO Ka-band satellite technology. GEO satellites may scan a hemisphere
of earth, or fixed regions of that hemisphere at regular intervals. Performance of GEO satellites diminishes greatly in the areas near
the Earth s poles. LEO satellites orbit the earth from pole to pole and collect data from the areas beneath them. Only LEO satellites
can collect high quality data over the poles. The Ka-band satellite increases data throughput. Aircom plans to have the necessary technology
ready to take advantage of this new trend in Ka-band aviation connectivity. Future SpaceX, One Web and Telesat satellites are expected
to be ready by end of 2022 and with full-service availability by 2023. As of February 3, 2022, SpaceX has launched 2,091 Starlink satellites.
As of April 2022, Starlink services were on offer in 29 counties covering North and South America, Europe and Oceania, with applications
pending regulatory approval in many more regions. 

OneWeb Satellites, which is a joint venture between
Airbus and OneWeb, the low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite communications company, on December 2021 confirmed its successful deployment of
36 satellites by Arianespace from the Baikonur Cosmodrome. This latest launch, its twelfth overall and ninth since December 2020, brings
OneWeb s total in-orbit constellation to 394 satellites. This represents over 60 percent of OneWeb s planned 648 LEO satellite
fleet that will deliver high-speed and low-latency global connectivity. 

Telesat, which is a privately held Canadian company,
launched a test satellite in 2018. To-date, Telesat have 298 LEO satellites which it plans to expand to 1,700 satellites in the near future
to provide full global service targeted for the second half of 2024. 

The chart below depicts the coverage of both GEO and LEO Ka-band satellites. 

Source: Aircom 

16 

The Ku-band offers reliable service outside of
the Ka-band coverage over the ocean and in mountainous regions which is aimed to cover hotels and resorts remotely located as well as
the maritime sector. The Ku-band also supports the OneWeb LEO satellite systems. 

The map below shows areas of satellite coverage
that could potentially be served by Aircom s IFEC product offering. 

Source: Aircom 

We are actively working with other satellite providers
in order to accommodate global airline routes and growing fleets. We are monitoring the satellite industry for growth in coverage, including
China Satcom s plan to launch high-capacity Ka-band and Ka HTS multispot-beam satellites over the Asia-Pacific region, as described
in more detail below under Ku-band and GEO/LEO Hybrid Satellite Technology. 

In March 2017, we entered into a Master Service
Agreement with SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation of Japan for use of its JCSAT-2B/Asia Beam Ku-band satellite telecommunication services, teleport
services and housing services. The agreement s initial term ran for a period of three years from its commencement date of April
15, 2017, subject to the receipt of all governmental licenses and approvals, and will continue to be effective provided any of the services
continue after the initial three-year term. We were required to prepay 285,300 of the contract price and a security deposit plus applicable
Japanese consumption taxes upon the commencement date of the agreement. Under this agreement, we are able to test the connectivity equipment
that we have been developing for ground and maritime uses. 

Our Aerkomm K++ system 

Our proprietary IFEC system, which is called the
AERKOMM K++ system, will contain an ultra-low profile radome containing two Ka-band antennas, one for transmitting and the other for receiving,
and will comply with ARINC 791 standard of Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated, or ARINC and meets Airbus Design Organisation Approval. 

Our Content Solutions 

Traditionally, airlines view in-flight entertainment
content as a budgeted expense for which they have to pay hefty royalties. With our business model and technologies, we expect to be able
to transform in-flight entertainment into a source of ancillary revenue for our airline customers. We will team up with our current and
future prospective airline customers to provide them with our Aerkomm K++ hardware system at no cost and with free onboard Wi-Fi connectivity
services to passengers, which will allow us to maintain data traffic control, specifically in terms of blocking or placing advertisements
as needed and inserting targeted commercials. 

Premium Content Sponsorship 

Recently, merchants have begun to take advantage
of in-flight connectivity. In May of 2015, Amazon announced its plan to sponsor free video and music streaming for its Prime Video subscribers
onboard JetBlue s planes. The Amazon and JetBlue partnership is a paradigm of a win-win affiliation between an Internet powerhouse
and a provider of in-flight connectivity. Amazon gained a platform through which it could display its premium subscription services and
expanded its distribution network, while JetBlue generated significant revenue simply by making its in-flight connectivity available to
Amazon. 

17 

The Amazon-JetBlue partnership is only one of
many examples whereby an Internet company can improve its reach by gaining access to in-flight connectivity. We seek to exemplify this
type of relationship through collaboration with major Internet companies, such as search engine companies. We plan to promote a partner s
brand through our in-flight services by channeling all searches to the partner s search engine. By designing our user interface
around the partnered company, we can present passengers with an on-screen environment populated by the partner s apps, logos, and
colors, providing a powerful marketing tool for the partner company. We can also enhance recognition of our sponsors brands by
creating a list of portals on the in-flight system s home screen, which lead to each sponsor s individual page where passengers
can resume their normal entertainment, social, and professional activities. 

We are actively in discussions with Internet content
providers to establish such premium sponsorships. 

Live TV 

We are negotiating with television providers along
our prospective airline partners flight routes to make live TV available through our IFEC system. Airlines will be able to select
live TV channels that are appropriate for each flight route. An electronic program guide channel listing will be available for easy viewing
and selection. 

Several revenue sources will be available for
live TV broadcasting, including commercials before and during programs, and banners at the bottom of the screen. Banner advertisements
at the bottom of the screen can be interactive, which should generate pay per click, or PPC, or cost per click, or CPC, revenue in addition
to the lower priced cost per thousand impressions, or CPM, revenue. In addition, we should be able to receive sponsorship premiums from
select TV programs, such as pay-per-view and shopping channels. 

Social Media and Instant Messaging: Content
Management 

We will have firewalls in place both on the ground
and in the air. These, in combination with our policy enforcement software, will allow us to filter, classify, block, or forward services
in accordance with our service and quality policies. We will be able to control the flow of traffic for each individual application, enabling
us to use a white list model through which social media and instant messaging partners can provide their users with onboard access by
paying an annual or other periodic fee. 

We are in active discussions with Line, WeChat,
WhatsApp, and other social media partners regarding an annual premium fee in exchange for user access to their applications and services
during air travel. The access to other networks may be limited to a single direction or blocked entirely. For example, we could allow
the users of a non-paying instant message service to receive, but not send, instant messages. When a user tries to respond to a received
message, the system would present a pop-up message encouraging the user to urge the service provider to enter into a relationship with
us. 

Airlines will be able to select movies, videos,
and other content for their passengers through our content management system. The management system will tailor content suggestions according
to the flight route and destination and automatically upload selected content to an onboard server while the aircraft is on the ground.
This creates a cache that allows in-flight viewing in areas with limited or no satellite bandwidth connectivity. For premium content,
we may maintain a live connection with providers networks for accounting and digital rights management purposes. 

Video/Content on Demand 

Content that is available to passengers for free
will generate advertising-based revenue through commercials before and during programming, as well as through banners advertisements.
Passengers will be able to choose to pay for premium content, such as first-run movies, where available. For programming of all types,
our partnered advertising agents will be able to integrate appropriate and effective advertisements targeted to the viewer. Prior to the
start of any program, users will be required to view a commercial with a length determined by the duration of the selected program. Passengers
will not be able to skip or close this commercial without closing out of the program. We will be able to place similar advertisements
before games or radio programs and during online duty-free shopping. 

Frequent flyer passengers will be able to purchase
a premium package to allow access to unlimited movies, games, and other entertainment contents with no layered advertising. These packages
will include day, trip, monthly, and annual based membership options. 

Search Engine 

In this information age, people often refer to
the Internet for information, yet few individuals are aware that every Internet search they perform generates revenue for the search engine
company. Search engine providers, such as Google, Bing, and Yahoo, sell keywords, page ranking in search results, advertisement placement,
and other related services. The revenue generated by a search engine fluctuates in relation to its volume of activity. We plan to manage
search engines on a white list basis, which means that the in-flight connectivity system will only permit the passage of traffic to and
from approved search engines. If a passenger performs a search on a search engine that is not partnered with us, the search will be redirected
to one that is. 

We plan to enter into agreements with search engine
partners to share the revenue generated from passengers searches. As discussed under Premium Content Sponsorship 
above, we may grant exclusivity to a particular search engine provider that is a premium sponsor. Such exclusivity may be specific to
certain airlines or routes. 

18 

Internet Advertising Replacement 

In Internet traffic, more than 50 of the bandwidth
that passes through satellites is consumed by advertisements in the data stream. In order to streamline bandwidth usage, our ground system
will detect advertisements from a webpage and replaces them with advertisements from our advertisers or partners. We will work with Internet
advertisers to present advertisements that are relevant to passengers interests. This system will enable our partners to place
their advertisements accordingly and generate revenue for them and us. Advertisers can offer destination-specific commercials and banners,
which can be placed in our in-flight entertainment system and in apps and portals on personal devices. By utilizing commercial agents
to sell ad space on our systems, we plan to cover all marketable areas, expanding sales opportunities and increasing revenue. 

With online advertisement utilizing both CPM and
CPC models, we will be able to capitalize on virtually all available ad space and work with any advertising partner. 

Online/Streaming Gaming 

We plan to make it possible to stream console-quality
games in the airline cabin. Through gaming content partnerships, we expect to be able to offer PlayStation, Xbox, and other console games.
Passengers will be able to play popular games from their personal devices or in-flight entertainment systems, invite friends to play over
the network, and save their gaming data for continued play on the ground. It will require high speed networks to play these interactive
action games and we expect to be able to provide the services necessary for the functioning of these interactive games. Our online gaming
service will bring our passengers a gaming experience never seen before. We expect to generate revenue from advertisements, including
banners and commercials, and from fees for premium games or sales of access passes. 

Telecommunications Text Messaging Services 

Through strategic partnerships with telecommunication
providers, we plan to allow passengers to use 4G messaging services while in flight. Our in-flight system is designed to detect whether
a passenger is using one of our partner carrier s network and will deliver or block messages to and from a passenger s mobile
phone accordingly. For those using a non-partner s network, the system will urge the passenger to request that their service provider
join our network. Passengers will also be able to purchase a premium package to enable text message services. 

Destination-Based Services 

With flight route and passenger information, we
expect that our partners will be able to offer destination-specific merchandise and services, including hotel and rental car bookings,
transportation arrangements, restaurant reservations, local tours, ticket purchases, and travel insurance. By partnering with service
partners in the region, we plan to share the transaction-based revenue on a fixed dollar amount or percentage of transaction basis. 

In-flight Trading and e-Commerce 

We have found that in-flight connectivity through
our AERKOMM K++ system will allow travelers to make better use of their travel time. With uninterrupted broadband available onboard, passengers
will be able to conduct business with professionalism and ease. For example, we plan to partner with trading partners who are registered
with the various regulatory authorities to offer financial product trading services and we expect to charge a processing fee when a passenger
conducts a trade in-flight. Additionally, a complete e-commerce platform made available through the AERKOMM K++ system will enable travelers
to engage in unlimited on-line shopping, to make travel arrangements including holiday destinations, hotel bookings and car rentals and
to complete duty-free purchases, among other options. 

Black Box Live 

For reasons of flight safety, a flight recorder,
commonly known as a black box , is legally required on every aircraft of a certain size. The Flight Data Recorder (FDR) records
data with respect to various metrics of the flight and stores the data on a magnetic tape or solid-state disk with special coding. After
retrieving the relevant information from the device, an individual can decode the data and learn what the aircraft encountered during
the flight. This makes it possible to determine the potential causes of an accident. When the black box is needed, the aircraft has likely
suffered an accident. A massive impact or explosion accompanies most airplane crashes, thus requiring the flight recorder to be shockproof
and fire resistant. As a number of aviation accidents happen over oceans, the flight recorder must also be waterproof and corrosion-resistant
to avoid being damaged by salt water. Despite advancements in flight recorder design and the continual improvement of the strength of
materials used in manufacturing flight recorders, records show that a large number of flight recorders are damaged and unreadable following
accidents, if not lost altogether. For this reason, effective, real-time storage and transmission of in-flight data is beneficial for
deducing the cause of aviation crashes and preventing them from happening again. 

In March 2019, the aviation authorities around
the world grounded the Boeing B737 MAX passenger airplane global fleet. This occurred after two new Boeing B737 MAX passenger airplanes
crashed within 5 months of each other with fatal consequences. The first aircraft which crashed on October 29, 2018 belonged to Lion Air
and the second aircraft which crashed on March 10, 2019 belonged to Ethiopian Airlines. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)
and other worldwide aviation authorities worked in coordination to determine the cause of the crashes before issuing additional guidance.
Before the causes could be determined, and within 24 hours of the Ethiopian Airlines crash, however, worldwide aviation authorities and
operators began banning MAX flight operations. Although the minimal aircraft flight data available from the Ethiopian Airlines crash was
not sufficient to link it to the Lion Air crash, there has been pressure from the aviation authorities and the airline operators to implement
protective measures. The Boeing B737 MAX fleet was grounded more than two full days before the Ethiopian Airlines FDR information
was downloaded. 

19 

A path to a flight data retrieval solution has
been initiated based on work that stems from the two earlier major accidents. The first case is the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines
Boeing B777 aircraft Flight 370 in March 2014. To-date, neither the aircraft nor the flight data recorder has been recovered and thus
the case remains one of the biggest mysteries in aviation. The second case is an Air France Airbus A330 aircraft Flight 447 from Brazil
to France which crashed in the Atlantic Ocean in June 2009. Although the major wreckage of this aircraft was found within 5 days of the
accident, the initial investigation by the French aviation authorities was hampered because the aircraft s flight recorders were
not recovered from the ocean until May 2011, nearly two years later. 

The most widely discussed resulting changes from
those two accidents are new International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) standards for tracking aircraft, included in Amendment 40
to ICAO Annex 6. However, Amendment 40 includes another element that could ultimately prove to be more useful: timely access to flight
data. Airlines could meet the ICAO standard, which goes into effect in 2021, by streaming FDR data while in flight. Providers of the necessary
hardware, software and communications services are teaming up to offer timely flight data solutions to operators. 

With our new product, Black Box Live, we expect
to be able to provide a system of real-time flight information back-up and streaming which will be aimed at advancing flight safety. Under
strict security measures, this new product is being designed and engineered to securely stream flight data and crewmembers cockpit
voice records to our cloud-based storage solution for airlines and authorized individuals to access and monitor. Black Box Live is in
the early stages of development and, at this time, we cannot assure you when this product will reach market, if at all. 

Other Markets (Remote Locations and Maritime) 

In addition to our focus on IFEC systems for aircraft,
we have begun to develop related internet connectivity systems for other markets and applications. In this regard, we have already developed
two connectivity systems, one for hotels, primarily for remote locations, and one for maritime use. Both systems operate through the Ku
HTSs (high throughput satellites). 

The Ku-band offers reliable service outside of
the Ka-band coverage over the ocean and in mountainous regions and is aimed to cover remotely located hotels and resorts as well as the
maritime sector. The Ku-band also supports the OneWeb and other LEO satellite constellation systems. 

In these additional markets: 

i. 
 We have already made limited sales of our connectivity solutions to hotels/resorts in remote areas. Additionally, we plan to sell our equipment to hotels and resorts located in remote ocean areas and mountain regions. We also plan to sell the bandwidth required through which to operate these systems, priced on a subscription plan basis. 

ii. 
 We plan to begin selling our connectivity solutions to maritime vessels such as cruise liners, fishing vessels, ferry boats and yachts. We plan to sell our equipment to these categories of vessels as well as the bandwidth required through which these systems operate, priced on a subscription plan basis. 

We are currently in the customer demonstration
stage in the East Asia market with our maritime satellite communications equipment and services. 

The picture below depicts Aircom s current
maritime antenna. 

We cannot be sure at this time that we will be
successful marketing this product offering for remote locations and maritime use. 

20 

Satellite Ground Stations and Data Centers 

To provide and operate our IFEC services, we will
be required to obtain a telecommunications license. To obtain this license, we will need to have access to, or the planned availability
of, a satellite ground station through which we will route our IFEC communications. A telecommunications license is issued by a telecommunications
authority in the country where the satellite ground station is located. We plan to build our first satellite ground station and a data
center in Taiwan, to support our operations in the Asian region, and, thus, we will have to apply for a telecommunications license in
Taiwan. 

A ground station s main purpose is to establish
telecommunication links with satellites. IFEC systems on aircraft route their communications from a passenger s data terminal,
such as a laptop, mobile phone or other internet accessible device, via satellites and through a ground station which acts as a traffic
gateway, directing the onboard IFEC originated satellite signal to terrestrial networks such as the internet and back again. The ground
station will house satellite antennae and other communication equipment. Satellite antennas must be located within the coverage
of the satellites being used. Ground station satellite antennas are substantial in size, generally between 20 to 30 feet (7 to 9
meters) in diameter. As we expand our operation, we expect to have multiple dish antennas connecting to various satellites. 
Due to the strong electromagnetic radiation emitted by the antennas, a satellite ground station must be located in rural or industrial
areas and it requires a substantial setback zone around the ground station. 

Since our IFEC business model will require collecting
and processing large amounts of data, it will be beneficial for us to have access to a high-capacity data center for the storage and processing
of big data. Such a data center should be built within the same region of, and close to, the ground station, because of synergies
and technical advantages such as shorter network latency and cost savings in ground links between the ground station and data center.
We expect that building our own satellite ground stations and data centers will, in the long run, create economic efficiencies and operational
independence. 

On July 10, 2018, we entered into a real estate
sales contract with Tsai Ming-Yin, as seller, and Sunty Development Co., Ltd., as trustee, pursuant to which the parties agreed to definitive
terms and conditions relating to the acquisition by Aerkomm Taiwan of a parcel of land located at the Taishui Grottoes in the Xinyi District
of Keelung City, Taiwan. The parcel consists of approximately 6.3 acres of undeveloped land and is expected to be used by us to build
our first satellite ground station and data center. We completed payment of the purchase price for the Taiwan land parcel in July 2019
and our agent has received all of the necessary title transfer documentation from the seller. According to the land use laws of Taiwan,
we need to submit a usage plan and to obtain the necessary license or authorization for the intended usage before we can obtain an official
certificate of title for the Keelung City land parcel. To complete this process, our Taiwan-based subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, will submit
an application for a telecommunications license, or as it is known in Taiwan, a Concession License for Satellite Mobile Communications
Operation, to the National Communications Commission of the Republic of China (Taiwan), the government entity responsible for regulating
telecommunications in Taiwan. Following the issuance of this Concession License, Aerkomm Taiwan will file an application with the Keelung
City municipality, where our Taiwan land parcel is located, for a land development license. Once we receive this development license,
Aerkomm Taiwan will then be able to file an application with the Keelung City land office to receive the certificate of title to our Taiwan
land parcel. Although we expect to complete this process and receive or certificate of title by sometime in the third quarter of 2022,
we cannot provide any assurance of this timing. Once we receive the certificate of title, we expect to be able to mortgage the property
to borrow the funds we will need to build the ground station. Aerkomm Taiwan is currently preparing the plan of usage and is working with
various regulatory authorities to obtain the necessary license and approval to meet the local land use law requirements. We do not know
at this time how long it will take to complete the process and receive the certificate of title to the parcel. 

Additionally, we have signed a binding memorandum
of understanding with a Samoa based telecom company to lease the Taiwan land parcel, once title has been transferred to us, for a period
of five years at an expected rental income to us of approximately 2.3 million per year. This telecom company plans to build a separate
satellite ground station and data center on the parcel and we may lease back a portion of the land to build our own satellite ground station
and data center if and when we have sufficient funds to do so. The five-year lease, if it is consummated, would provide us with additional
working capital to supplement the funds that we raised in our 2020 Offering, to help us further our core corporate development efforts. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able
to successfully complete the land lease arrangements with the Samoa based telecom company or otherwise finance and build our planned satellite
ground station and data center or that we will be able cover the various costs, including but not limited to property taxes, to maintain
the Taiwan land parcel. 

Our Contracts with Airline Partners 

Airbus SAS 

On November 30, 2018, in furtherance of a memorandum
of understanding signed in March 2018, Aircom entered into an agreement with Airbus SAS, or Airbus, pursuant to which Airbus will develop
and certify a complete retrofit solution allowing the installation of our AERKOMM K++ system on Airbus single aisle
aircraft family including the Airbus A319/320/321, for both Current Engine Option (CEO) and New Engine Option (NEO) models. We expect
to expand our agreement with Airbus to include other Airbus models including the Airbus A330, A340, A350 and A380 series. Airbus will
apply for and obtain on our behalf a Supplemental Type Certificate (STC) from the European Aviation Safety Agency, or EASA, as well as
from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration or FAA, for the retrofit AERKOMM K++ system. The EU-China Bilateral Aviation Safety Agreement BASA went into effect September 3, 2020, giving a boost to the regions aviation manufacturers by simplifying the
process of gaining product approvals from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency EASA and the Civil Aviation Administration
of China (the CAAC ), while also ensuring high safety and environment standards, will continue to be met. With this Bilateral
Agreement in place, the STC approved by EASA will be mutually accepted by the CAAC. This shall significantly reduce the cost and time
required for us to launch our business with China based customers. 

21 

Pursuant to the terms of our Airbus agreement,
Airbus agreed to provide Aircom with the retrofit solution which will include the Service Bulletin and the material kits including the
update of technical and operating manuals pertaining to the aircraft and provision of aircraft configuration control. The timeframe for
the completion and testing of this retrofit solution, including the certification, is expected to be in third quarter of 2021, although
there is no guarantee that the project will be successfully completed in the projected timeframe. Once the project is completed, Aircom,
or Airbus on behalf of Aircom, will be able to commence installation of the AERKOMM K++ system on aircraft in the first quarter of 2023. 

A number of airlines, and in particular aircraft
lessors, will accept only Service Bulletins issued by the aircraft manufacturers for the retrofit installation of any system on board
their aircraft. Our agreement with Airbus ensures that our system will meet this requirement for aircraft lessors who intend to purchase
Airbus aircraft, although it does not guarantee that airlines or aircraft lessors will purchase our AERKOMM K++ system. 

Airbus Interior Services 

On July 24, 2020, our wholly owned subsidiary,
Aerkomm Malta, entered into an agreement with Airbus Interior Services, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Airbus. This new agreement follows
the agreement that Aircom signed with Airbus on November 30 2018 pursuant to which Airbus agreed to develop, install and certify the Aerkomm
K++ System on a prototype A320 aircraft to EASA and FAA certification standards, Airbus Interior Services provides current cabin upgrade
solutions for Airbus aircraft operators while bringing additional flexibility and reduced lead times to the cabin upgrade process. Pursuant
to the agreement with Aerkomm Malta, Airbus Interior Services will provide and certify, via the Airbus Design Organization Approval process,
a complete retrofit solution to develop EASA/FAA certified Service Bulletins, to supply related Aircraft Modification Kits and to install
the Aerkomm K++ Connectivity solution on the A320 family of commercial aircraft. This new agreement also includes Airbus support for the
integration of the Aerkomm K++ System components on the aircraft, including ARINC 791 structural reinforcements and related engineering
work. 

Airbus Interior Services will provide support
for European National Airworthiness Authorities (NAA) certification as required in addition to EASA certification. Airbus Interior Services
will also provide on-site technical support at the Maintenance Repair Organization (MRO) base for the first aircraft retrofit of each
new customer. 

We plan to install the Airbus Interior Services
created Service Bulletin and Airbus kits for the AERKOMM K++ retrofit solution first on the Hong Kong Airlines fleet of 12 Airbus A320
aircraft. With this installation, Hong Kong Airlines will become Aerkomm s first commercial airline customer. 

Hong Kong Airlines 

In June 2015, we entered into a master agreement
with Hong Kong Airlines Limited, or Hong Kong Airlines, to install IFEC systems on-board their aircraft. 

On January 30, 2020, further to the master agreement
with Hong Kong Airlines, Aircom signed an agreement with Hong Kong Airlines to provide to Hong Kong Airlines both of its Aerkomm AirCinema
and AERKOMM K++ IFEC solutions. This agreement does not include Klingon as a party and Klingon is no longer involved in our contractual
relationship with Hong Kong Airlines. 

Under the terms of this new agreement, Aircom
will provide its Ka-band AERKOMM K++ IFEC system for installation on Hong Kong Airlines fleet of 12 Airbus A320 and 5 Airbus A330-300
aircraft as well as its AERKOMM AirCinema system for the Hong Kong Airlines Airbus A320 aircraft. Hong Kong Airlines will become the first
commercial airliner launch customer for Aircom. 

The AERKOMM AirCinema system, which Aircom is
designing and implementing specifically for Hong Kong Airlines, will introduce free high-speed internet access to the seatback screens
of Hong Kong Airlines Airbus A320 aircraft, connected via the Ka-band AERKOMM K++ IFEC system. Instead of the traditionally preloaded
and fixed selection of in-flight entertainment, passengers will have access to high-speed internet steaming services for videos, music,
live TV and social media. Aircom and Hong Kong Airlines will work closely together to develop the AERKOMM AirCinema system. Hong Kong
Airlines will be our launch customer for this innovative seatback solution. 

The AERKOMM K++ IFEC system will also provide
passengers of Hong Kong Airlines with an at home network experience by giving free access to on-board WiFi internet connectivity
to all passenger personal devices, including laptops, mobile phones and tablets. The AERKOMM K++ system will be ready future-proof 
and compatible with the next generation of satellite technologies. This system will also provide passengers of Hong Kong Airlines with
access to e-commerce amenities, such as In-Flight shopping and travel services. Details and terms about the services to be provided via
the AERKOMM K++ system is being actively discussed by Aircom and Hong Kong Airlines and will be set forth in one or more service level
agreements to be entered into by the parties. 

In order to install the AERKOMM K++ system on
the Hong Kong Airlines aircraft, we will have to obtain local approval for the AERKOMM K++ system from the Hong Kong Civil Aviation (HKCAD).
This HKCAD local approval will be based on our obtaining the Airbus Service Bulletin, which we expect to receive from Airbus, together
with EASA certification, by sometime in the first quarter of 2023. Once we receive the Airbus Service Bulletin and the EASA certification,
jointly with the support of Airbus, we will be able to apply to the HKCAD for the required local approval. 

22 

As an interim solution for Hong Kong Airlines,
until the Aerkomm K++ System can be fully retrofitted onto the Hong Kong Airlines aircraft fleet, Aircom plans to install the Aerkomm
AirCinema Cube on Hong Kong Airlines fleet of A320 and A330 aircraft during the third quarter of 2022. The AirCinema Cube
is a portable inflight entertainment, or IFE, box intranet server which will provide to passengers personal entertainment devices
pre-loaded videos, news, music and games, on demand. Media content will be jointly managed by Aircom and Hong Kong Airlines and content
updates will be provided regularly by Aircom. 

On May 11, 2020, our Taiwan based subsidiary,
Aircom Telecom, entered into a binding product purchase agreement with Ejectt Inc., or Ejectt, a Taiwan company whose Chairman is a member
of our board of directors, to purchase 100 sets of the AirCinema Cube from Ejectt for installation on Hong Kong Airlines fleet
of aircraft. On July 15, 2020, Aircom Telecom signed a second product purchase agreement with Ejectt for an additional 100
sets of the AirCinema Cube. 

Vietjet Air 

On October 25, 2021, we signed an agreement with
Vietjet Air Vietjet to provide them with our Aerkomm AirCinema In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity IFEC solutions. 

Under the terms of the agreement, we will provide to Vietjet our Aerkomm
AirCinema Cube IFEC system for installation on Vietjet s fleet of Airbus A320, A321 and Airbus A330-300 aircraft. 

Our AirCinema Cube system, will provide Vietjet
with connectivity to passengers personal electronic devices with WiFi capability, including laptops, mobile phones and tablets,
using an intranet-based solution. The AirCinema Cube system will host music, documentaries and movies provided by Google Play Movies and
Television, as well as news feeds, both in the English and Vietnamese languages, provided by global and local news suppliers. The AirCinema
Cube will also be customized to Vietjet s branding, will host an in-flight moving map, an in-flight sales platform and a cabin management
system together with Vietjet s own in-flight services. 

Aerkomm is planning to install the AirCinema Cubes
on the first 23 Airbus A320/A321 aircraft and 3 Airbus A330 aircraft of Vietjet during the second quarter of 2022 subject to obtaining
local approval for the AirCinema Cubes from the Civil Aviation Authority of Vietnam (CAAV). This CAAV local approval will be based on
providing a minor modification Supplemental Type Certificate from AKKA Technologies of France during April 2022. 

Other Airline Partners and Business Jets
Customers 

We are actively working with prospective airline
customers to provide them with the Airbus to-be-certified AERKOMM K++ system. 

We have entered into non-binding memoranda of
understanding, or MOUs, including, most recently, with Thai Smile which operates a fleet of 20 Airbus A320 aircraft. There can be no assurances,
however, that any MOUs we enter into will lead to actual purchase agreements. 

Currently, we are finalizing MOUs with the following
airlines, although we cannot assure you that we will be able to finalize any of these agreements: 

Tigerair Taiwan: 
 Fleet of 14 Airbus A320 
 
 Hong Kong Express: 
 Fleet of 13 Airbus A320 and 11 Airbus A321 

We are in advanced active discussions with a number
of major airlines in Europe, the Middle East and Asia, and we are confident, although we cannot guarantee, that we will be successful
in signing MOUs with one or more of these companies. Additionally, we are close to signing a definitive agreement with a major airline
company having a large fleet of aircraft; however, in view of a mutual non-disclosure agreement with this party, we cannot disclose the
name at this stage, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in signing a definitive agreement with this company. 

In connection with the Airbus project, we have
also identified owners of Airbus Corporate Jet, or ACJ, as potential customers of our AERKOMM K++ system. ACJ customers, however, would
not generate enough internet traffic to make our free-service business model viable. To capitalize on this additional market, we plan
to sell our AERKOMM K++ system hardware for installation on ACJ corporate jets and provide connectivity through subscription-based plans.
This new corporate jet market could generate additional revenue and income for our company. 

As discussed below, we have entered into an agreement
with MJet GMBH, an Airbus ACJ customer, and we are currently in advanced discussions with a number of additional ACJ customers, some of
whom have more than one aircraft in their fleets. 

23 

While, to date, we have been concentrating on
Airbus customers in view of our existing agreement with Airbus, our current plan is to also begin marketing to Boeing aircraft customers
and Boeing Business Jets (BBJ) customers, and we intend to acquire the necessary certification of our AERKOMM K++ system equipment for
the different Boeing aircraft models, with a particular focus on the Boeing B737 aircraft family. We have already carried out discussions
and negotiations with AKKA Technologies based in Toulouse France, which is a specialist aerospace and aviation design organization, for
providing us with a Service Bulletin and Supplemental Type Certificate for the Boeing B737 family, including certification from EASA.
We anticipate that we will sign an agreement with AKKA Technologies in the third quarter 2020, although we cannot guarantee this. Once
an agreement is signed with AKKA, the project of developing the Service Bulletin and Supplemental Type Certificate for our AERKOMM K++
system equipment for the Boeing B737 family of aircraft and obtaining EASA certification for this aircraft line is expected to take approximately
nine months. 

We plan to enter into business agreements with
additional airline partners and corporate jet owners, which will allow our antenna equipment and/or entertainment services to be installed,
and our services provided, on additional fleet aircraft. Under any such agreements, we expect that the airlines will commit to have our
equipment installed on some or all of the aircraft they operate, and we will commit to provide passenger connectivity and/or entertainment
services on such aircraft and to remit to the airlines a specified percentage of the revenue that we generate. We expect to have the exclusive
right to provide Internet connectivity services on these aircraft throughout the term of the agreements we expect to enter into with such
airline partners. Depending on the contract, installation and maintenance services may be performed by the airline under our supervision
or sub-contracted to a maintenance repair organization, or MRO, mutually agreed upon by both Aircom and the airline. These agreements
will also vary as to who pays for installation and maintenance of our AERKOMM K++ system. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to
enter into any such additional agreements. 

Other Agreements and Understandings with Our
Business Partners 

MJet GTA: On March 6, 2019, we signed
a General Terms Agreement (GTA) with MJet GMBH, or MJet, a corporate jet owner operating an Airbus ACJ A319 based in Vienna, Austria.
On June 11, 2019 we converted this GTA into a definitive agreement with MJet, and on June 12, 2019, MJet placed a first purchase order
with Aircom. The purchase order provides for the provision, installation, testing and certification of our AERKOMM K++ system equipment,
including the Airbus Service Bulletin and associated material kit and related connectivity services, on an MJet Airbus ACJ A319 aircraft
under the supervision of Airbus. Assuming the installation, testing and certification of our AERKOMM K++ system on the MJet A319 is successful,
something we cannot guarantee at this time, MJet will pay us a one-time fee for our equipment and a monthly fee for our connectivity services,
and we will also begin charging MJet for the bandwidth required to use the AERKOMM K++ system services. Assuming the success of this installation,
MJet will become the first recurring payment customer of our AERKOMM K++ system as well as being the launch customer of our Aerkomm K++
solution. 

Malta MOU : On February 23, 2018,
Aircom entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding which we refer to as the Air Malta MOU, with Air Malta, a company organized
under the laws of Malta, pursuant to which the parties intend to collaboratively market and provide their products and servers to passengers
of the Malta-based airline fleet. Under the terms of the Air Malta MOU, the parties intend to develop, install and operate in-flight connectivity
systems onboard the Malta-based airline fleet and provide related services to its passengers. We cannot assure you, however, we will be
able to enter into a definitive agreement with Air Malta, or that the Malta MOU will lead to any Aerkomm product sales. 

Onurair MOU : On March 1, 2018, Aircom
entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding, which we refer to as the Onurair MOU, with Onurair Tasimacilik A.S., a company
organized under the laws of Turkey, pursuant to which the parties intend to collaboratively market and provide their products and services
to passengers of the Turkey-based airline fleet. Under the terms of the Onurair MOU, the parties intend to develop, install and operate
in-flight connectivity systems onboard the Turkey-based airline fleet and provide related services to its passengers. We cannot assure
you, however, we will be able to enter into a definitive agreement with Onurair, or that the Onurair MOU will lead to any Aerkomm product
sales. 

Thai Smile MOU: On October 19, 2021,
Aerkomm entered into a nonbinding memorandum of understanding, which we refer to as the Thai Smile MOU, with Thai Smile Airways Company
Limited, a company organized under the laws of Thailand, pursuant to which the parties intend to collaboratively market and provide their
products and services to passengers to the Thai-based airline fleet. Under the terms of the Thai Smile MOU, the parties intend to develop,
install and operate in-flight connectivity systems onboard the Thai-based airline fleet and provide related services to its passengers.
We cannot assure you, however, we will be able to enter into a definitive agreement with Thai Smile, or that the Thai Smile MOU will lead
to any Aerkomm product sales. 

24 

Telesat Cooperation Agreement : On
June 23, 2020, Aircom entered into a cooperation agreement with Telesat Leo Inc., or Telesat, a wholly owned subsidiary of Telesat Canada.
Telesat is one of the world s largest and most successful satellite operators providing critical connectivity solutions that tackle
complex communications challenges. Through this agreement, Aircom and Telesat will jointly collaborate to develop a test program for the
Telesat low-Earth-orbit (LEO) Network, Telesat s network of low-earth orbit satellites for aircraft connectivity, to assess the
technical and commercial viability of incorporating the Telesat LEO Network capacity into Aircom s IFEC product portfolio and network.
Aircom and Telesat will collaborate in both technical and commercial activity. The two parties technical collaboration is expected
to include testing network performance, leveraging Telesat s Phase 1 LEO satellite which has been in polar orbit since 2018, ensuring
compatibility with existing Aircom IFEC solutions and future user terminal solutions, and end-to-end implementation within regulatory
guidelines. Commercial collaboration will include optimizing business and operating models, joint presentations and information sessions
with key customers and partners, and exploring a long-term joint development plan. This cooperation agreement between Aircom and Telesat
is preliminary and nonbinding and subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive agreement. Aerkomm expects that a definitive
agreement will be signed, although there can be no assurance when this will happen, if at all. The Telesat Cooperation Agreement was renewed
by both parties on November 10, 2021. 

SES Cooperation Agreement: On January
10, 2022, Aerkomm entered into a cooperation agreement with New Skies Satellites B.V., a Dutch company with its principal offices located
at Rooseveltplantsoen The Hague, Netherlands SES ). SES is one of the world leaders in satellite operations and is operating
a constellation of satellites in medium-earth orbit (MEO) and geostationary-earth orbit (GEO) with a multi-terabit, high-throughput, low-latency
network infrastructure (the SES Satellite Network ), used for the global mobility market, including aviation, maritime, and
the global fixed location market, including equipment, mobile back haul, teleport and data center co-location. SES has launched SES-17,
a GEO satellite, and a series of MEO satellites (O3b), and will launch additional MEO satellites O3b mPOWER") as part of
the SES Satellite Network. Through this agreement, Aerkomm and SES will jointly collaborate respect to the following areas relating to
the Project: 

Technical collaboration 

a. SES Satellite Network test campaign : Develop a test program based on the SES Satellite Network
and conduct tests to validate the network performance with user terminal equipped with an AKOM Antenna solution to optimize AKOM s
and SES s assets and investments. AKOM shall share with SES all results of any testing and experiments conducted. 

b. AKOM Antenna Ku/Ka-band solutions: Collaboration on developing an AKOM Antenna to be deployed on the SES
Satellite Network, such collaboration may include a SES Satellite Network modem as part of the solution. 

c. Hybrid user terminal solutions: Collaboration to set AKOM Antenna development goals seeking compatibility
across the SES Satellite Network, including GEO and MEO assets. 

Commercial collaboration 

a. Market demand : Share user terminal market demand and forecast for the SES Satellite Network by
market segment and explore optimal business and operating models. 

b. Market promotion : Collaborate on promoting O3b MEO satellite network and bandwidth, including O3b
mPOWER, with or without AKOM Antenna and/or Sat. DDC to AKOM s customers. 

c. Partnership plan: Explore a longer-term joint services and market development plan for AKOM s regions
of interest, to best leverage the combined scale and capabilities of both Parties. 

This
cooperation agreement between Aerkomm and SES is preliminary and nonbinding and subject to the negotiation and execution of a definitive
agreement. Aerkomm expects that a definitive agreement will be signed, although there can be no assurance when this will happen, if at
all . 

The MOUs we enter into are nonbinding and, as
a result, they only express the desires and understandings between the parties and do not create any legally binding rights, obligations
or contracts except for certain customary provisions such as exclusivity, costs and expenses, confidentiality and governing law. Any binding
obligation to proceed with the transactions contemplated by the MOUs would need to be included in a definitive agreement that is subject
to negotiation by the parties, approvals by the board of directors of respective parties and in certain instances, approvals from regulatory
authorities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such definitive agreements or receive the required governmental
approvals, and there can be no assurances that any of the expired MOUs will be extended or renewed. If for whatever reason the transactions
contemplated by the MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

25 

Product Development, Manufacturing, Installation
and Maintenance 

We plan to provide airline partners and corporate
jet owners with the equipment necessary for in-flight connectivity, which will be installed by either the airline at their own maintenance
facility or at an approved maintenance repair organization, or MRO, service provider mutually selected by Aircom and the airline. We will
also provide training and technical support to each airline s MRO for the installation of our equipment. Such support will also
include technical, management, and operational support, with 24/7 network monitoring of the performance of each aircraft s equipment
once in operation. 

We will rely on third-party suppliers for equipment
components that we will use to provide our services, including those discussed below. 

We will purchase our ground station equipment
from Blue Topaz Consultants, Ltd., or BTC, under an agreement that we have with BTC dated December 15, 2015. Under the terms of this agreement,
BTC will develop and provide to us four (4) sets of ground station hub equipment, or the Hub Equipment, for our use and sale into our
Asian markets. We and BTC will separately enter into service agreements for the installation and maintenance of the Hub Equipment systems.
We have agreed to pay BTC 6,205,216 for the first Hub Equipment system and have already made milestone payments to BTC totaling 3,250,000.
The purchase price for the first Hub Equipment system was increased to 6,234,260 on November 30, 2016 due to the increase in cost of
a system required software license. We will be required to pay BTC the balance of 2,984,260 owed on the first Hub Equipment system following
delivery and service commencement of this system. We expect to install this Hub Equipment in the ground station that we intend to build
on the parcel of land we have acquired in Taiwan, once we receive title to that land and can proceed with a related ground station financing
arrangement. We cannot at this time estimate when this project will move forward or be completed. 

Transcoding 

The current mainstream video compression format
is H.264, also known as MPEG-4 Advanced Video Coding. It is widely used in Blu-ray discs, online videos, web software, and HDTV broadcasts
terrestrially and over cable and satellite. 

H.265, also known as High Efficiency Video Coding,
is a newly developed video compression standard designed to replace H.264. It is capable of delivering H.264 video quality at half the
bit rate. H.265 has several significant advantages over H.264, including better compression, higher image quality, and lower bandwidth
usage. 

In our AERKOMM K++ system, we incorporate hardware-based,
real-time technology that transcodes content from multiple streaming or broadcast input forms. We convert the content into H.265-encoded
Internet protocol, or IP, streams, which reduces the amount of bandwidth required while enhancing the quality of the content. By deploying
real-time transcoding technology in its ground and airborne systems, we enable live TV and video streaming in an IP format that, we expect,
can optimize satellite bandwidth utilization and achieves cost-effective content delivery. 

Satellite Link Acceleration 

The most common transmission control protocols,
or TCPs, used on the Internet have been designed for terrestrial wired networks. TCPs do not perform well in a long-delay satellite environment
and may cause bad user experiences in web surfing and Internet access. Our satellite link acceleration technology improves TCP/IP-based
data transmission over a satellite system through compression, deduplication (i.e., eliminating redundant information), caching, latency
optimization, packet aggregation, and cross-layer enhancement. This technology includes end-to-end software in airborne systems and ground
servers for cost effective application acceleration and optimization of live TV and video streaming. This combination of technologies
makes airborne internet access and content access feel like fiber at home. 

Our Competition 

Our key competitors include Gogo Inc., which has
the largest installed base in the IFEC market mainly via air-to-ground technology, L-band connectivity services which provide a passenger-paid
system of connectivity solutions and wireless in-flight entertainment services, and Panasonic Avionics Corp., which provides IFEC hardware
and solutions via L-band and Ku-band technology. Other competitors include Anuvu (previously Global Eagle Entertainment, Inc.,) SITAONAIR,
Panasonic, Zodiac Aerospace and Honeywell, all of which provide different technologies and strategies to provide in-flight connectivity
and/or entertainment. Regardless of the delivery mechanisms used by us or our competitors, the IFEC industry is expected to continue to
face capacity constraints and unique technology challenges, which are expected to increase due to historically projected increased demand
for in-flight Internet. 

We believe that the following competitive strengths
enable us to compete effectively in and capitalize on the growing IFEC market. 

Creative business model . We believe
that our business model sets us apart from most of our competitors. We combine cutting-edge connectivity technology with a creative content-driven
approach. Traditionally, providers of in-flight connectivity have focused primarily on the profit margin derived from the sale of hardware
to commercial airlines and of bandwidth to passengers. Both airlines and passengers have to pay to play, which results in
low participation and usage rates. We break away from this model and set a new trend with our creative business model, which, we expect,
will set us apart from our competitors. Commercial airline companies will recover their costs through participating in our revenue sharing
model while passengers will not be required to pay for connectivity. Taken together, this novel approach creates an incentive for airlines
to work with us and should act to drive up passenger usage rates. 

26 

Ku-band and Ka/GEO/LEO Hybrid Satellite
Technology 

Most in-flight connectivity systems currently
in the market rely on the Ku-band satellite signals for communication. Many players in the market are working to provide higher bandwidth
and faster transmitting rates using the Ka-band. Currently, there are few Ka-enabled satellites and as a result, the coverage area in
the Asia-Pacific region is limited. However, new GEO (Geostationary Earth Orbiting) and LEO (Low Earth Orbiting) Ka-band satellites are
being regularly launched and this should provide worldwide Ka band coverage over the next few years. See our discussion above relating
to the Telesat cooperation agreement to address our LEO IFEC integration solution. 

Our Growth Strategy 

We will strive to become a leading provider of
IFEC solutions by pursuing the following growth strategies: 

Launch and increase number of connected aircraft . As of the date of this annual report, we have not provided our services on any corporate jets or commercial aircraft. However, we now have the following delivery contracts in place: 

On June 11, 2019, we entered into a definitive agreement with MJet, and on June 12, 2019 MJet placed a first purchase order with Aircom. As discussed in more detail above, MJet will be our launch customer for the first planned installation of our AERKOMM K++ system expected to be ready for installation by fourth quarter of 2022. The installation will enable us to commence a rollout of sale and installation of our IFEC equipment and services to other aircraft. 

On January 30, 2020, Aircom signed an agreement with Hong Kong Airlines
to provide this airline with both our Aerkomm AirCinema and AERKOMM K++ In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity solutions. Under the
terms of this agreement as discussed in greater detail above, Aircom will provide to Hong Kong Airlines its Ka-band AERKOMM K++ IFEC system
for installation on its fleet of twelve Airbus A320 aircraft and five Airbus A330-300 aircraft, as well as the AERKOMM AirCinema system
being designed and produced for the Hong Kong Airlines Airbus A320 aircraft. Hong Kong Airlines will become the first commercial airliner
launch customer for Aircom. 

On October 25, 2021, we signed an agreement with Vietjet
Air Vietjet to provide them with our Aerkomm AirCinema In-Flight Entertainment and Connectivity IFEC solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, we will provide to Vietjet our Aerkomm AirCinema Cube IFEC system for installation on Vietjet s
fleet of Airbus A320, A321 and Airbus A330-300 aircraft. 

Diversify our portfolio. 

o On January 10, 2022, we entered into a joint venture (the
 Joint Venture agreement (the Agreement with Sakai Display Products Corporation, a company incorporated
under the laws of Japan SDPJ ), and PanelSemi Corporation, a company incorporated under the laws of Taiwan PanelSemi ).
We did not have any relationship with SDPJ or PanelSemi prior to entering into the Agreement. Through this Joint Venture, we will develop
and commercialize a tile antenna Tile Antenna ). The Joint Venture will be operated through Mepa Labs Inc., a newly formed
California corporation MLI ), which will be owned initially 100 by SDPJ. We will license to MLI our intellectual property,
know-how and research and development results related to the Tile Antenna. SDPJ will provide MLI with working capital to develop the
Tile Antenna proof of concept POC ). Upon approval of the POC by an initial customer or a laboratory each approved by SDPJ,
we will contribute the intellectual property to MLI in exchange for 52 of the equity interest in Newco, and SDPJ and PanelSemi collectively
will contribute 20 million in cash (less the contributions funded prior to the POC approval). SDPJ will hold 45 of Newco s equity
interest and PanelSemi will hold the remaining 3 . Moreover, according to the Agreement, SDPJ will invest 7.5 million in Aerkomm
via private placement subject to and upon approval of the POC. 

o In February 2022, Aerkomm was appointed as the chair of the
 Next Generation Communication interest group of the MIH Consortium. This MIH group was formed to begin an industry discussion
on the standardization of 6G satellite communication protocols. 

The MIH Consortium of Taipei operates the MIH Open EV Alliance and was formed with the objective of
 creating an open EV ecosystem to promote collaboration in the mobility industry. MIH s goal is to bring strategic partners
 together to build the next generation of EV, autonomous driving, and mobility service applications. 

o On May 25, 2021, Aircom Telecom was awarded a Telecom License
from the National Communications Commission of Taiwan. This is significant achievement for Aerkomm as it is a prerequisite for our future
planned entry into the Asia/Pacific rim satellite market. 

To further our growth strategy, we plan to: 

leverage our creative business model and IFEC system to cost-effectively equip corporate jets and commercial aircraft; 

increase the number of to be equipped aircraft, targeting full-fleet availability of our IFEC equipment and services for our current and future airline partners; 

27 

pursue global growth opportunities by leveraging our broad and innovative technology platform and technical expertise; and 

offer attractive business models to our corporate jet and airline partners, giving them the flexibility to determine the connectivity solutions that meet the unique demands of their businesses. 

diversify our portfolio. 

Increase passenger use of connectivity . We believe that in-flight Internet connectivity has become a necessary utility rather than a novelty because most passengers are trying to remain connected while travelling. This trend is evident from the increasing data usage on mobile phones. However, the traditional business model is structured to charge as much as possible for high-end in-flight connectivity services offered to a very small number of people. Such business logic has resulted in the in-flight connectivity option acquiring the reputation of being pricey and only for business travelers whose employers will pay for it. With a focus on catering to only a small number of people in a narrow market niche, our competitors are paying less attention to an innovative business model that can encourage a wider, broad-based usage of in-flight connectivity services. We believe that certain providers of existing in-flight connectivity services discourage in-flight usage because they believe such usage will increase their overhead expenses without generating additional profit. Due to this business model and the small amount of revenue generated from currently available connectivity services, airlines have considered in-flight connectivity as a service to passengers provided at their expense. Under this thinking, in-flight connectivity is a cost center from which airlines do not expect to generate profit. We believe that the value of a networking system grows exponentially with its usage and it is a waste of resources to build a networking system to be utilized only by a narrow niche market. Therefore, our business model encourages usage of our in-flight connectivity services on a much broader basis. In order to encourage such broader usage, we plan to offer our in-flight connectivity services to passengers in all travel classes for free, while we generate revenue from add-on services that will tie together passengers connectivity and usage. Thus, with our business model, we plan to create connectivity-friendly aircraft cabins to provide free on-board internet connectivity for passengers, and to generate revenue through the sale of advertising commercials, banner advertising, in-app purchases, in-game purchases and other related in-flight transactions. We believe that our business model, under which neither airlines nor passengers will be required to pay for basic products or services, will create an incentive for the airlines to work with us and will drive passenger usage rates. 

Expand satellite network coverage . We will continue to expand our global satellite network coverage through the purchase of additional Ka-band capacity, and to seek to install our satellite solutions into multiple aircraft, while continuing to invest in research and development relating to satellite antennas and modem technologies. We are actively working with satellite providers such as Telesat to accommodate airlines global routes and growing fleets. We are monitoring the satellite industry for growth in coverage, with recent attention on China Satcom s plan to launch high-capacity Ka-band and Ka HTS multispot-beam satellites over the Asia-Pacific region. We are also in discussions with Kacific Broadband Satellites Group (Kacific), which is a satellite operator providing high-speed broadband internet service for the South East Asia and Pacific Islands region. Its first Ka-Band HTS satellite, Kacific 1, was designed and built by Boeing and launched into geostationary orbit atop a SpaceX launch vehicle on 16 th December 2019, in order to purchase Ka broadband capacity. 

Expand satellite-based services to other markets . We anticipate expanding our satellite-based connectivity services to remote area hotels and resorts, maritime and cruise lines, high-speed railways, 4G/5G backhauling, and converged triple-play services in remote communities. We believe that there is substantial potential for expansion internationally into these new markets. Future business prospects will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis by weighing the projected revenue from advertising fees and e-commerce revenue shares against the projected operating and capital expenditures of satellite coverage, bandwidth and operations. Our existing business model could be applied to high-speed railways and cruise lines, both of which have a sufficient passenger base for the service to be viable. High-speed railways in China sit under existing, available Ka satellite coverage areas that are not served by 4G/LTE mobile networks, providing a unique opportunity for the delivery of connectivity services. High-speed railways in other regions of Asia present similar opportunities. Remote communities in Asia lack a telecom infrastructure, partly due to geographical limitations, for example, the islands of the Philippines and Indonesia are spread out over a vast geographic area. Satellite-based communications and mesh network technology make triple play services possible for the delivery of live TV broadcasting, videos, and telecom services to these regions. 

Employees 

As of the date of this annual report, we had a
total of 32 employees, 26 of whom are full-time employees. The following table sets forth the number of our full-time employees by function. 

Function 
 Number of Employees 
 
 Operations 
 9 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 9 
 
 Research and Development 
 3 
 
 General and Administrative 
 11 
 
 Total 
 32 

None of our employees belongs to a union or is
a party to any collective bargaining or similar agreement. We consider our relationships with our employees to be good. 

28 

Regulation 

As a participant in the global airline and global
telecommunication industries we are subject to a variety of government regulatory obligations. 

Federal Aviation Administration 

The FAA prescribes standards and certification
requirements for the manufacturing of aircraft and aircraft components, and certifies and rates repair stations to perform aircraft maintenance,
preventive maintenance and alterations, including the installation and maintenance of aircraft components. Each type of aircraft operated
in the United States under an FAA-issued standard airworthiness certificate must possess an FAA Type Certificate, which constitutes approval
of the design of the aircraft type based on applicable airworthiness standards. When a party other than the holder of the Type Certificate
develops a major modification to an aircraft already type-certificated, that party must obtain an FAA-issued STC approving the design
of the modified aircraft type. We will regularly obtain an STC for each aircraft type operated by each airline partner on whose aircraft
our equipment will be installed and separate STCs typically are required for different configurations of the same aircraft type, such
as when they are configured differently for different airlines. 

After obtaining an STC, a manufacturer desiring
to manufacture components to be used in the modification covered by the STC must apply to the FAA for a PMA, which permits the holder
to manufacture and sell components manufactured in conformity with the PMA and its approved design and data package. In general, each
initial PMA is an approval of a manufacturing or modification facility s production quality control system. PMA supplements are
obtained to authorize the manufacture of a particular part in accordance with the requirements of the pertinent PMA, including its production
quality control system. We routinely apply for and receive such PMAs and supplements. 

Our business depends on our continuing access
to, or use of, these FAA certifications, authorizations and other approvals, and our employment of, or access to, FAA-certified individual
engineering and other professionals. In accordance with these certifications, authorizations and other approvals, the FAA requires that
we maintain, review and document our quality assurance processes. The FAA may also visit our facilities at any time as part of our agreement
for certification as a manufacturing facility and repair station to ensure that our facilities, procedures, and quality control systems
meet FAA approvals we hold. In addition, we are responsible for informing the FAA of significant changes to our organization and operations,
product failures or defects, and any changes to our operational facilities or FAA-approved quality control systems. Other FAA requirements
include training procedures and drug and alcohol screening for safety-sensitive employees working at our facilities. 

Foreign Aviation Regulation 

According to international aviation convention,
the airworthiness of FAA-certified equipment installed on U.S.-registered aircraft is recognized by civil aviation authorities, or CAAs,
worldwide. As a result, we do not expect to require further airworthiness certification formalities in countries outside of the United
States for U.S.-registered aircraft that already have an STC issued by the FAA covering our equipment. For aircraft registered with a
CAA other than the United States, the installation of our equipment requires airworthiness certification from an airworthiness certification
body. Typically, the CAA of the country in which the aircraft is registered is responsible for ensuring the airworthiness of any aircraft
modifications under its authority. 

The FAA holds bilateral agreements with a number
of certification authorities around the globe. Bilateral agreements facilitate the reciprocal airworthiness certification of civil aeronautical
products that are imported/exported between two signatory countries. A Bilateral Airworthiness Agreement, or BAA, or Bilateral Aviation
Safety Agreement, or BASA, with Implementation Procedures for Airworthiness provides for airworthiness technical cooperation between the
FAA and its counterpart civil aviation authorities. Under a BAA or BASA, the CAA of the aircraft s country of registration generally
validates STCs issued by the FAA and then issues a VSTC. For countries with which the FAA does not have a BAA or BASA, we must apply for
certification approval with the CAA of the country in which the aircraft is registered. In order to obtain the necessary certification
approval, we will be required to comply with the airworthiness regulations of the country in which the aircraft is registered. Failure
to address all foreign airworthiness and aviation regulatory requirements at the commencement of each airline partner s service
in any country in which they register aircraft when there are no applicable bilateral agreements may lead to significant additional costs
related to certification and could impact the timing of our ability to provide our service on our airline partners fleet. 

Federal Communications Commission 

Under the Communications Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Communications Act, the FCC licenses the spectrum that we use and regulates the construction, operation, acquisition and sale of
our wireless operations. The Communications Act and FCC rules also require the FCC s prior approval of the assignment or transfer
of control of an FCC license, or the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of more than 25 of the equity or voting control of our company
by non-U.S. individuals or entities. 

Our various services are regulated differently
by the FCC. Our business may provide some of its voice and data services by reselling the telecommunications services of satellite operators.
Because we may provide these services on a common carrier basis, we may subject to the provisions of Title II of the Communications Act,
which require, among other things, that the charges and practices of common carriers be just, reasonable and non-discriminatory. 

29 

We provide broadband Internet access to commercial
airlines and passengers. We plan to offer this service in the Asia-Pacific region and continental United States through our partner s
facilities, using satellite-based data delivery. 

The FCC has classified mobile (and fixed) broadband
Internet access services as Title II telecommunications services pursuant to the FCC Open Internet Order of 2010. The Open Internet Order
also adopted broad new net neutrality rules. For example, broadband providers may not block access to lawful content, applications, services
or non-harmful devices. Broadband providers also may not impair or degrade lawful Internet traffic on the basis of content, applications,
services or non-harmful devices. In addition, broadband providers may not favor some lawful Internet traffic over other lawful traffic
in exchange for consideration of any kind, and they may not prioritize the content and services of their affiliates. Other than for paid
prioritization, the rules contain an exception for reasonable network management. The Open Internet Order recognizes that
whether a network management practice is reasonable varies according to the broadband technology involved, and provides more flexibility
to implement network management practices in the context of our capacity-constrained satellite broadband networks. 

In addition, most of our services are subject
to various rules that seek to ensure that the services are accessible by persons with disabilities, including requirements related to
the pass-through of closed captioning for certain IP-delivered video content. 

Equipment Certification 

We may not lease, sell, market or distribute any
radio transmission equipment used in the provision of our services unless such equipment is certified by the FCC as compliant with the
FCC s technical rules. All certifications required for equipment currently used in the provision of our services have been obtained
by our equipment vendors and/or partners. 

Privacy and Data Security-Related Regulations 

As noted above, the Open Internet Order reclassified
mobile (and fixed) broadband Internet access services as Title II telecommunications services. Certain statutory provisions of Title II
now apply to broadband Internet access services, including provisions that impose consumer privacy protections such as CPNI requirements. 

Our services are also subject to CPNI rules that
require carriers to comply with a range of marketing and privacy safeguards. These obligations focus on carriers access, use, storage
and disclosure of CPNI. We believe we are in compliance with these rules and obligations, and we certify annually, as required, that we
have established operating procedures adequate to ensure our compliance. 

We are also subject to other federal and state
consumer privacy and data security requirements. For example, Section 5 of the FTC Act prohibits unfair or deceptive acts or practices
in or affecting commerce. Although the FTC s authority to regulate the non-common carrier services offered by communications
common carriers has not been clearly delineated, FTC officials have publicly stated that they view the FTC as having jurisdiction over
Internet service providers non-common carrier services. Some of our services are subject to the FTC s jurisdiction. The FTC
has brought enforcement actions under the FTC Act against companies that, inter alia: (1) collect, use, share, or retain personal information
in a way that is inconsistent with the representations, commitments, and promises that they make in their privacy policies and other public
statements; (2) have privacy policies that do not adequately inform consumers about the company s actual practices; and (3) fail
to reasonably protect the security, privacy and confidentiality of nonpublic consumer information. 

We plan to collect personally identifiable information,
such as name, address, e-mail address and credit card information, directly from our users when they register to use our service. We also
may obtain information about our users from third parties. We use the information that we collect to, for example, consummate their purchase
transaction, to customize and personalize advertising and content for our users and to enhance the entertainment options when using our
service. Our collection and usage of such information is intended to comply with our privacy policy, which is posted on our website, applicable
law, our contractual obligations with third parties and industry standards, such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard.
We are also subject to state mini-FTC Acts, which also prohibit unfair or deceptive acts or practices, along with data security
breach notification laws requiring entities holding certain personal data to provide notices in the event of a breach of the security
of that data. Congress has also been considering similar federal legislation relating to data breaches. A few states have also imposed
specific data security obligations. These state mini-FTC Acts, data security breach notification laws, and data security obligations may
not extend to all of our services and their applicability may be limited by various factors, such as whether an affected party is a resident
of a particular state. 

While we intend to implement reasonable administrative,
physical and electronic security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personally identifiable information, cyber-attacks
on companies have increased in frequency and potential impact in recent years and may be successful despite reasonable precautions and
result in substantial potential liabilities. 

Truth in Billing and Consumer Protection 

The FCC s Truth in Billing rules generally
require full and fair disclosure of all charges on customer bills for telecommunications services, except for broadband Internet access
services. Thus, these rules apply to our satellite-based services. This disclosure must include brief, clear and non-misleading plain
language descriptions of the services provided. States also have the right to regulate wireless carriers billing; however, we are
not currently aware of any states that impose billing requirements on our services. 

CALEA 

The FCC has determined that facilities-based broadband
Internet access providers are subject to the CALEA, which requires covered service providers to build certain law enforcement surveillance
assistance capabilities into their communications networks and to maintain CALEA-related system security policies and procedures. 

30 

Foreign Government Approvals 

In connection with our satellite service, we have
implemented a process for obtaining any required authority needed to provide our service over the airspace of foreign countries, or verifying
that no additional authorization is needed. Each country over which our equipped aircraft flies has the right to limit, regulate (e.g.,
through a licensing regime) or prohibit the offering of our service. We may not be able to obtain the necessary authority for every country
over which a partner airline flies. For some countries, we have not been and do not expect to be able to obtain a definitive answer regarding
their potential regulation of our service, and we may incur some regulatory risk by operating over the airspace of these countries. Failure
to comply with foreign regulatory requirements could result in penalties being imposed on us and/or on our airline partners or allow our
airline partners affected by such requirements to terminate their contract with us prior to expiration. Moreover, even countries that
have previously provided clearance for our service have the right to change their regulations at any time. 

Emerging Growth Company Status 

We qualify as an emerging growth company 
under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions
from certain disclosure requirements. For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: 

have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 

submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as say-on-pay and say-on-frequency; and 

disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the chief executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain
accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits
of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such
new or revised accounting standards. 

We will remain an emerging growth company 
for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues exceed
 1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which
would occur if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of
our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt
during the preceding three year period. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Investment in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risks, together with all other information set forth in this annual
report, including the financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to buy our common stock. If any of the following
risks actually occurs, our business could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose
all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Excluding non-recurring revenues in the
second quarter of 2019 and 2018 from affiliates, we have incurred operating losses in every quarter since we launched our business and
may continue to incur quarterly operating losses, which could negatively affect the value of our company. 

Excluding non-recurring revenues that we earned
from affiliates and one non-affiliate in 2021 and in the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we have incurred operating losses since our inception
in 2014, and we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue in the future to generate operating income. We also expect our costs to
increase materially in future periods, which could negatively affect our future operating results. We expect to continue to expend substantial
financial and other resources on the continued launch and future expansion of our business. The amount and timing of these costs are subject
to numerous variables and such initiatives may require additional funding. In addition, we may incur significant costs in connection with
our pursuit of next generation air to ground technology or other new technologies. With respect to our expansion, such variables may include
costs related to sales and marketing activities and administrative support functions, equipment subsidies to airlines and additional legal
and regulatory expenses associated with operating in the international commercial aviation market. In addition, we expect to incur additional
general and administrative expenses, including legal and accounting expenses, related to being a public company. These investments may
not result in revenue or growth in our business. If we fail to grow our overall business and generate revenue, our financial condition
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

31 

Our company is in the development stage
and has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and predict our future performance. 

Our company and our core business are in the development
stage and faces all of the risks and uncertainties associated with a new and unproven business. We plan to launch our services in the
last quarter of 2022, initially in Europe with our launch customer MJet. The limited operating history of our business may make it difficult
to accurately evaluate the business and predict its future performance. Any assessments of our current business and predictions that we
or you make about our future success or viability may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. We have
encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries,
and the size and nature of our market opportunity will change as we scale our business and increase deployment of our service. If we do
not address any of the foregoing risks successfully, our business will be harmed. 

We expect to rely on a few key customers
for all of our initial revenue. 

Our initial business will be substantially dependent
on our relationship with a few key airline customers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our relationship with
these airlines. If we are unable to maintain and renew our relationship with these airlines, or if our arrangement is modified so that
the economic terms become less favorable to us, then our business would be materially adversely affected. 

An extended delay in the transfer of title
to us of the Taiwan land parcel that we recently purchased could delay the building of our first satellite ground station and have a negative
impact on our business prospects. 

In July 2019, we completed payment of the NT 1,098,549,407,
or US 35,861,589, purchase price for our acquisition of approximately 6.3 acres of undeveloped land (which we refer to as the Taiwan land
parcel) located at the Taishui Grottoes in the Xinyi District of Keelung City, Taiwan. Our agent has received all of the necessary title
transfer documentation from the seller however, according to the land use law of Taiwan, we need to first, obtain a telecommunications
license in Taiwan, then second, submit a usage plan to the local land office and to obtain the necessary development license or authorization
for the intended usage before we can obtain an official certificate of title. Aerkomm Taiwan is currently preparing the plan of usage
and is working with various regulatory authorities to obtain the necessary license and approval to meet the local land use law requirements.
We do not know at this time how long it will take to complete this process and receive the certificate of title to the parcel. Although
we currently expect to complete the entire process and receive or certificate of title by sometime in the first quarter of 2021, we cannot
provide any assurance of this timing. Once title to the Taiwan land parcel is transferred to us, we expect to lease a portion of the land
parcel, pursuant to the terms of an existing binding memorandum of understanding, to a Samoa based telecom company who will use the land
for their own satellite ground station and to mortgage the land to be able to raise funds to build our first satellite ground station
and data center. If there is an extended delay in the transfer of the Taiwan land parcel title to us, our agreement with the Samoa telecom
company may be terminated and we may not be able to raise the funds needed to build our ground station in a timely fashion. Either or
both of these eventualities could have a negative impact on our business plans, prospects and future results of operations. 

From time to time we enter into memorandums
of understanding (MOUs) with various third parties. If the transactions contemplated by these MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations
and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

From time to time we enter into MOUs with potential
prospective collaborative partners or potential customers. These MOUs typically are nonbinding and as a result, they only express the
desires and understandings between the parties and do not create any legally binding rights, obligations or contracts except for certain
customary provisions such as exclusivity, costs and expenses, confidentiality and governing law. For more information related to these
MOUs, please refer to the section Our Contracts with Airline Partners . Any binding obligation to proceed with
the transactions contemplated by the MOUs would need to be included in a definitive agreement that is subject to negotiations of the parties,
approvals by the board of directors of respective parties and in certain instances, approvals from regulatory authorities. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to reach definitive agreements with any parties who may sign MOUs with us. If for whatever reason the
transactions contemplated by signed MOUs do not proceed, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. 

We may not be able to grow our business
with our current airline partner or successfully negotiate agreements with airlines to which we do not currently provide our service. 

Currently, our only airline partner is Hong Kong
Airlines Limited, a Hong Kong-based airline, or Hong Kong Airlines, although we have not yet begun to provide our IFEC products and services
to Hong Kong Airlines under our agreement with them. We are currently in advanced negotiations or discussions with certain other airline
partners to provide our IFEC services on additional aircraft in their fleets. We have no assurance that these efforts will be successful.
Negotiations with prospective airline partners require substantial time, effort and resources. The time required to reach a final agreement
with an airline is unpredictable and may lead to variances in our operating results from quarter to quarter. We may ultimately fail in
our negotiations and any such failure could harm our results of operations due to, among other things, a diversion of our focus and resources,
actual costs and opportunity costs of pursuing these opportunities. In addition, the terms of any future agreements could be materially
different than the terms included in our existing agreement with Hong Kong Airlines. To the extent that any negotiations with current
or future potential airline partners are unsuccessful, or any new agreements contain terms that are less favorable to us, our growth prospects
could be materially and adversely affected. 

32 

We are dependent on airline partners to
be able to access our customers. We expect that future payments by these customers for our services to be provided to them will account
for most, if not all, of our initial revenues. 

Under our existing contract with Hong Kong Airlines,
we will provide our equipment for installation on, and provide our services to passengers on, a portion of the aircraft operated by this
airline. We expect to enter into similar contracts with other airlines in the future but there is no assurance that we will be successful
in signing up additional airline partners. We expect that revenue from passengers using our service while flying on aircraft operated
by our airline partners will account for the majority of our projected initial revenue once we begin our services. As of the date of this
report, we do not yet have any revenue from equipment sales and installation. Our growth will be dependent on our ability to have our
equipment installed on the aircraft of airline partners and increased use of our service on installed aircraft. Any delays in installations
under these contracts may negatively affect our ability to grow our user base and revenue. 

A failure to maintain airline satisfaction
with our equipment or our service could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and results of operations. 

Our relationships with our current and future
potential airline partners are critical to the growth and ongoing success of our business. If airline partners are not satisfied with
our equipment or our service for any reason, including passenger dissatisfaction with the service as a result of capacity constraints,
they may reduce efforts to co-market our service to their passengers, which could result in lower passenger usage and reduced revenue,
which could in turn give airline partners the right to terminate their contracts with us. In addition, airline dissatisfaction with us
for any reason, including delays in obtaining certification for or installing our equipment, could negatively affect our ability to expand
our service to additional airline partners or aircraft or lead to claims for damages, which may be material, or termination rights under
our existing or potential contracts with airline partners. 

We may experience network capacity constraints
in our future operation regions and we expect capacity demands to increase, and we may in the future experience capacity constraints internationally.
If we are unable to successfully implement planned or future technology enhancements to increase our network capacity, or our airline
partners do not agree to such enhancements, our ability to acquire and maintain sufficient network capacity and our business could be
materially and adversely affected. 

All providers of wireless connectivity services,
including all providers of in-flight connectivity services, face certain limits on their ability to provide connectivity service, including
escalating capacity constraints due to expanding consumption of wireless services and the increasing prevalence of higher bandwidth uses
such as file downloads and streaming media content. The success of our business depends on our ability to provide adequate bandwidth to
meet customer demands while in-flight. We may find it difficult to provide this adequate bandwidth. 

Competition from a number of companies,
as well as other market forces, could result in price reduction, reduced revenue and loss of market share and could harm our results of
operations. 

We face strong competition from satellite-based
providers of broadband services that include in-flight internet and live television services. Competition from such providers has had
in the past and could have in the future an adverse effect on our ability to maintain or gain market share. Most of our competitors are
larger, more diversified corporations and have greater financial, marketing, production, and research and development resources. As a
result, they may be better able to withstand the effects of periodic economic downturns or may offer a broader product line to customers.
In addition, to the extent that competing in-flight connectivity services offered by commercial airlines that are not our airline partners
are available on more aircraft or offer improved quality or reliability as compared to our service, our business and results of operations
could be adversely affected. Competition could increase our sales and marketing expenses and related customer acquisition costs. We may
not have the financial resources, technical expertise or marketing and support capabilities to continue to compete successfully. A failure
to effectively respond to established and new competitors could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

We may be unsuccessful in generating revenue
from live television and other in-flight entertainment services. 

We are currently developing a host of service
offerings to deliver to our future commercial airline customers. We plan to offer live television and other service to our customers and
no assurance can be given that we will ultimately be able to launch any channels or provide any service. Additionally, we plan to generate
a revenue stream from our video on demand and other in-flight entertainment services. If we are unable to generate revenue from live television
or if other entertainment services do not ultimately develop, our growth and financial prospects would be materially adversely impacted. 

We are working to acquire a sufficient number
of on-demand movies and television shows and a variety of other content on our system. The future growth prospects for our business depend,
in part, on revenue from advertising fees and e-commerce revenue share arrangements on passenger purchases of goods and services, including
video and media services. Our ability to generate revenue from these service offerings depends on: 

growth of commercial airline customer base; 

the attractiveness of our customer base to media partners; 

rolling out live television and media on demand on more aircraft and with additional airline customers and increasing passenger adoption both in the U.S. and abroad; 

33 

establishing and maintaining beneficial contractual relationships with media partners whose content, products and services are attractive to airline passengers; and 

our ability to customize and improve our service offerings in response to trends and customer interests. 

If we are unsuccessful in generating revenue from
our service offerings, that failure could have a material adverse effect on our growth prospects. 

We may be unsuccessful in expanding our
operations internationally. 

Our business will initially be international business.
Our ability to grow our international business involves various risks, including the need to invest significant resources in unfamiliar
markets and the possibility that we may not realize a return on our investments in the near future or at all. In addition, we have incurred
and expect to continue to incur significant expenses before we generate any material revenue in these new markets. Under our agreements
with providers of satellite capacity, we are obligated to purchase bandwidth for specified periods in advance. If we are unable to generate
sufficient passenger demand or airline partners to which we provide satellite service to their aircraft terminate their agreements with
us for any reason during these periods, we may be forced to incur satellite costs in excess of connectivity revenue generated through
such satellites. 

Any future international operations may fail to
succeed due to risks inherent in foreign operations, including: 

legal and regulatory restrictions, including different communications, privacy, censorship, aerospace and liability standards, intellectual property laws and enforcement practices; 

changes in international regulatory requirements and tariffs; 

restrictions on the ability of U.S. companies to do business in foreign countries, including restrictions on foreign ownership of telecommunications providers imposed by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, which we refer to as OFAC; 

inability to find content or service providers to partner with on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; 

compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the (U.K.) Bribery Act 2010 and other similar corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate and related risks; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

currency fluctuations; and 

potential adverse tax consequences. 

As a result of these obstacles, we may find it
difficult or prohibitively expensive to grow our business internationally or we may be unsuccessful in our attempt to do so, which could
harm our future operating results and financial condition. 

We may not be successful in our efforts
to develop and monetize new products and services that are currently in development, including our operations-oriented IFEC communications
services. 

In order to continue to meet the evolving needs
of our future airline partners and customers, we must continue to develop new products and services that are responsive to those needs.
Our ability to realize the benefits of enabling airlines, other aircraft operators and to use these applications, including monetizing
our services at a profitable price point, depends, in part, on the adoption and utilization of such applications by airlines, other aircraft
operators and other companies in the aviation industry such as aircraft equipment suppliers, and we cannot be certain that airlines, other
aircraft operators and others in the aviation industry will adopt such offerings in the near term or at all. We also expect to continue
to rely on third parties to develop and offer the operational applications to be used to gather and process data transmitted on our network
between the aircraft and the ground, and we cannot be certain that such applications will be compatible with our network or onboard equipment
or otherwise meet the needs of airlines or other aircraft operators. If we are not successful in our efforts to develop and monetize new
products and services, including our operations-oriented communications services, our future business prospects, financial condition and
results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 

A future act or threat of terrorism or other
events could result in a prohibition on the use of Wi-Fi enabled devices on aircraft. 

A future act of terrorism, the threat of such
acts or other airline accidents could have an adverse effect on the airline industry. In the event of a terrorist attack, terrorist threats
or unrelated airline accidents, the industry would likely experience significantly reduced passenger demand. The U.S. federal government
or foreign governments could respond to such events by prohibiting the use of Wi-Fi enabled devices on aircraft, which would eliminate
demand for our equipment and service. In addition, any association or perceived association between our equipment or service and accidents
involving aircraft on which our equipment or service operates would likely have an adverse effect on demand for our equipment and service.
Reduced demand for our products and services would adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

The demand for in-flight broadband internet
access service may decrease or develop more slowly than we expect. We cannot predict with certainty the development of the U.S. or international
in-flight broadband internet access market or the market acceptance for our products and services. 

Our future success depends upon growing demand
for in-flight broadband internet access services, which is inherently uncertain. We have invested significant resources towards the roll-out
of new IFEC service offerings, which represent a substantial part of our growth strategy. We face the risk that the U.S. and international
markets for in-flight broadband internet access services may decrease or develop more slowly or differently than we currently expect,
or that our services, including our new offerings, may not achieve widespread market acceptance. We may be unable to market and sell our
services successfully and cost-effectively to a sufficiently large number of customers. 

Our business depends on the continued proliferation
of Wi-Fi as a standard feature in mobile devices. The growth in demand for in-flight broadband internet access services also depends in
part on the continued and increased use of laptops, smartphones, tablet computers, and other Wi-Fi enabled devices and the rate of evolution
of data-intensive applications on the mobile internet. If Wi-Fi ceases to be a standard feature in mobile devices, if the rate of integration
of Wi-Fi on mobile devices decreases or is slower than expected, or if the use of Wi-Fi enabled devices or development of related applications
decreases or grows more slowly than anticipated, the market for our services may be substantially diminished. 

Increased costs and other demands associated
with our growth could impact our ability to achieve profitability over the long term and could strain our personnel, technology and infrastructure
resources. 

We expect our costs to increase in future periods,
which could negatively affect our future operating results. We expect to experience growth in our headcount and operations, which will
place significant demands on our management, administrative, technological, operational and financial infrastructure. Anticipated future
growth will require the outlay of significant operating and capital expenditures and will continue to place strains on our personnel,
technology and infrastructure. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to contain costs with respect to growth opportunities.
To successfully manage the expected growth of our operations, on a timely and cost-effective basis we will need to continue to improve
our operational, financial, technological and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. In addition, as we continue
to grow, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a large number of new employees, and we must maintain the beneficial aspects
of our corporate culture. If we fail to successfully manage our growth, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Regulation by United States and foreign
government agencies, including the Federal Aviation Administration and the Federal Communications Commission, may increase our costs of
providing service or require us to change our services. 

We are subject to various regulations, including
those regulations promulgated by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies and legislative bodies and comparable agencies outside
the United States where we may do business. The two U.S. government agencies that have primary regulatory authority over our operations
are the Federal Aviation Administration, or FAA, and the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. 

The commercial and private aviation industries,
including civil aviation manufacturing and repair industries, are highly regulated in the United States by the FAA. FAA certification
is required for all equipment we install on commercial aircraft and type certificated business aircraft, and certain of our operating
activities require that we obtain FAA certification as a parts manufacturer. As discussed in more detail in the section entitled Business Regulation Federal
Aviation Administration, FAA approvals required to operate our business include Supplemental Type Certificates, or STCs and Parts
Manufacturing Authorities, or PMAs. Obtaining STCs and PMAs is an expensive and time-consuming process that requires significant focus
and resources. Any inability to obtain, delay in obtaining, or change in, needed FAA certifications, authorizations, or approvals, could
have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our installation commitments, manufacture and sell parts for installation on aircraft, or
expand our business and could, therefore, materially adversely affect our growth prospects, business and operating results. The FAA closely
regulates many of our operations. If we fail to comply with the FAA s many regulations and standards that apply to our activities,
we could lose the FAA certifications, authorizations, or other approvals on which our manufacturing, installation, maintenance, preventive
maintenance, and alteration capabilities are based. In addition, from time to time, the FAA or comparable foreign agencies adopt new regulations
or amend existing regulations. The FAA could also change its policies regarding the delegation of inspection and certification responsibilities
to private companies, which could adversely affect our business. To the extent that any such new regulations or amendments to existing
regulations or policies apply to our activities, those new regulations or amendments to existing regulations generally increase our costs
of compliance. 

As a broadband Internet provider, we must comply
with the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act of 1994, or CALEA, which requires communications carriers to ensure that their
equipment, facilities and services can accommodate certain technical capabilities in executing authorized wiretapping and other electronic
surveillance. Currently, our CALEA solution is being deployed in our network. However, we could be subject to an enforcement action by
the FCC or law enforcement agencies for any delays related to meeting, or if we fail to comply with, any current or future CALEA, or similarly
mandated law enforcement related, obligations. Such enforcement actions could subject us to fines, cease and desist orders, or other penalties,
all of which could adversely affect our business. Further, to the extent the FCC adopts additional capability requirements applicable
to broadband Internet providers, its decision may increase the costs we incur to comply with such regulations. 

35 

In addition to these U.S. agencies, we are also
subject to regulation by foreign government agencies that choose to assert jurisdiction over us as a result of the service we provide
on aircraft that fly international routes. Adverse decisions or regulations of these U.S. and foreign regulatory bodies could negatively
impact our operations and costs of doing business and could delay the roll-out of our services and have other adverse consequences for
us. Our ability to obtain certain regulatory approvals to offer our services internationally may also be the responsibility of a third
party, and, therefore, may be out of our control. We are unable to predict the scope, pace or financial impact of regulations and other
policy changes that could be adopted by the various governmental entities that oversee portions of our business. 

If government regulation of the Internet,
including e-commerce or online video distribution changes, we may need to change the way we conduct our business to a manner that incurs
greater operating expenses, which could harm our results of operations. 

The current legal environment for Internet communications,
products and services is uncertain and subject to statutory, regulatory or interpretive change. We cannot be certain that we, our vendors
and media partners or our customers are currently in compliance with applicable regulatory or other legal requirements in the countries
in which our service is used. Our failure, or the failure of our vendors and media partners, customers and others with whom we transact
business to comply with existing or future legal or regulatory requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Regulators may disagree with our interpretations of existing laws or regulations or the applicability
of existing laws or regulations to our business, and existing laws, regulations and interpretations may change in unexpected ways. 

For example, our mobile wireless broadband Internet
access services were previously classified as information services, and not as telecommunications services. Therefore, these services
were not subject to FCC common carrier regulation. However, effective June 12, 2015, the FCC reclassified mobile (and fixed) broadband
Internet access services as Title II telecommunications services pursuant to the Open Internet Order. The Open Internet Order also adopted
broad new net neutrality rules. For example, broadband providers may not block access to lawful content, applications, services, or non-harmful
devices. Broadband providers also may not impair or degrade lawful Internet traffic on the basis of content, applications, services, or
non-harmful devices. In addition, broadband providers may not favor some lawful Internet traffic over other lawful traffic in exchange
for consideration of any kind, and they may not prioritize the content and services of their affiliates. Other than for paid prioritization,
the rules contain an exception for reasonable network management. The Open Internet Order recognizes that whether a network
management practice is reasonable varies according to the broadband technology involved and may provide more flexibility to implement
network management practices in the context of our capacity-constrained air-to-ground and satellite broadband networks. 

Other jurisdictions may adopt similar or different
regulations that could affect our ability to use network management techniques. Likewise, the United States and the European
Union, among other jurisdictions, are considering proposals regarding data protection that, if adopted, could impose heightened restrictions
on certain of our activities relating to the collection and use of data of end users. Further, as we promote exclusive content and services
and increase targeted advertising with our media partners to customers of our services, we may attract increased regulatory scrutiny. 

We cannot be certain what positions regulators
may take regarding our compliance with, or lack of compliance with, current and future legal and regulatory requirements or what positions
regulators may take regarding any past or future actions we have taken or may take in any jurisdiction. Regulators may determine that
we are not in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and impose penalties, or we may need to make changes to our services,
which could be costly and difficult. Any of these events would adversely affect our operating results and business. 

Our possession and use of personal information
and the use of credit cards by our customers present risks and expenses that could harm our business. Unauthorized disclosure or manipulation
of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose us to costly litigation and damage our reputation. 

Maintaining our network security is of critical
importance because our online systems will store confidential registered user, employee and other sensitive data, such as names, email
addresses, addresses and other personal information. We will depend on the security of our networks and the security of the network infrastructures
of our third-party telecommunications service providers, our customer support providers and our other vendors. Unauthorized use of our,
or our third-party service providers , networks, computer systems and services could potentially jeopardize the security of confidential
information, including credit card information, of our future customers. There can be no assurance that any security measures we, or third
parties, take will be effective in preventing these activities. As a result of any such breaches, customers may assert claims of liability
against us as a result of any failure by us to prevent these activities. Further, our in-cabin network operates as an open, unsecured
Wi-Fi hotspot, and non-encrypted transmissions users send over this network may be vulnerable to access by users on the same plane. These
activities may subject us to legal claims, adversely impact our reputation, and interfere with our ability to provide our services, all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to protect confidential customer data
or to provide customers with adequate notice of our privacy policies could also subject us to liabilities imposed by United States federal
and state regulatory agencies or courts. For example, the FCC s Consumer Proprietary Network Information, or CPNI rules, applicable
to our satellite-based offerings, require us to comply with a range of marketing and privacy safeguards. The Federal Trade Commission,
or FTC, could assert jurisdiction to impose penalties related our service if it found our privacy policies or security measures to be
inadequate under existing federal law. We could also be subject to certain state laws that impose data breach notification requirements,
specific data security obligations, or other consumer privacy-related requirements. Our failure to comply with any of these rules or regulations
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

36 

Other countries in which we may operate or from
which our services may be offered, including those in the European Union, also have certain privacy and data security requirements that
may apply to our business, either now or in the future. These countries laws may in some cases be more stringent than the requirements
in the United States. For example, European Union member countries have specific requirements relating to cross border transfers of personal
information to certain jurisdictions, including to the United States. In addition, some countries have stricter consumer notice and/or
consent requirements relating to personal information collection, use or sharing. Moreover, international privacy and data security regulations
may become more complex. For example, the European Union is considering a draft proposed data protection regulation which, if enacted,
may result in even more restrictive privacy-related requirements. Our failure to comply with other countries privacy or data security-related
laws, rules or regulations could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, our customers will use credit cards
to purchase our products and services. Problems with our or our vendors billing software could adversely affect our customer satisfaction
and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their payment services. In addition, if
our billing software fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not automatically charge our subscribers credit cards on a
timely basis or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We depend upon third parties to manufacture
equipment components and to provide services for our network. 

We rely on third-party suppliers for equipment
components that we use to provide our services. The supply of third- party components could be interrupted or halted by a termination
of our relationships, a failure of quality control or other operational problems at such suppliers or a significant decline in their financial
condition. If we are not able to continue to engage suppliers with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, or if such
suppliers fail to deliver quality products, parts, equipment and services on a timely basis consistent with our schedule, our business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our Investment in Yuanjui Inc. could result in losses to us. 

On December 3, 2020, we made a prepayment to three
individuals to purchase from them an aggregate of 6,000,000 restricted shares of YuanJiu Inc. for approximately 5 million, for business
purposes in Taiwan relating to the AirCinema Cube. YuanJiu is a listed company on the Taiwan Stock Exchange and a local business partner
of ours. Although we are purchasing these shares as a long term investment, the shares are currently restricted. If we determine that
we need to sell these shares to raise funds for other business purposes, there may not be an immediate buyer and we may have to sell the
shares at a loss. This could have a negative effect on our income statement and our ability to raise funds when needed 

We may fail to recruit, train and retain
the highly skilled employees that are necessary to remain competitive and execute our growth strategy. The loss of one or more of our
key personnel could harm our business. 

Competition for key technical personnel in high-technology
industries such as ours is intense. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, train,
retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly skilled personnel needed to maintain and grow our business and
technology. We may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting, training, retaining and utilizing these highly skilled personnel.
In particular, we may have more difficulty attracting or retaining highly skilled personnel during periods of poor operating performance.
Any failure to recruit, train and retain highly skilled employees could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

We depend on the continued service and performance
of our key personnel, including Louis Giordimaina, our Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Wun, our President and Chief Technology Officer,
and Georges Caldironi, our Chief Operating Officer. Such individuals have acquired specialized knowledge and skills with respect to our
operations. As a result, if any of these individuals were to leave us, we could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors
and could experience a loss of productivity while any such successor obtains the necessary training and expertise. We do not maintain
key man insurance on any of our officers or key employees. The loss of key personnel, including key members of our management team, as
well as certain of our key marketing or technology personnel, could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our ability to
grow our business. 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to develop or maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not
be able to accurately report our financial results and prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence
in our financial statements, which would harm the trading price of our common stock. 

Companies that file reports with the SEC, including
us, are subject to the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX 404. SOX 404 requires management to establish
and maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting and annual reports on Form 10-K filed under the Exchange Act to contain
a report from management assessing the effectiveness of a company s internal control over financial reporting. Separately, under
SOX 404, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, public companies that are large accelerated
filers or accelerated filers must include in their annual reports on Form 10-K an attestation report of their regular auditors attesting
to and reporting on management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. Non-accelerated filers and smaller reporting
companies, like us, are not required to include an attestation report of their auditors in annual reports. 

37 

A report of our management is included under the
section titled Controls and Procedures. We are a smaller reporting company and, consequently, are not required to include
an attestation report of our auditor in our annual transition report. However, if and when we become subject to the auditor attestation
requirements under SOX 404, we can provide no assurance that we will receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors. 

During its evaluation of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 202 1, management identified
a material weakness. The material weakness was associated with our lack of sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate
level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements and our need to rely heavily on the use of external legal and accounting professionals
to mitigate these deficiencies. We are undertaking remedial measures, which measures will take time to implement and test, to address
this material weakness. There can be no assurance that such measures will be sufficient to remedy the material weakness identified or
that additional material weaknesses or other control or significant deficiencies will not be identified in the future. If we continue
to experience material weaknesses in our internal controls or fail to maintain or implement required new or improved controls, such circumstances
could cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements, or
adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and, if required, annual auditor attestation reports. Each of the foregoing
results could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Expenses or liabilities resulting from litigation
could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, we may be subject to claims
or litigation in the ordinary course of our business, including for example, claims related to employment matters and class action lawsuits.
Our operations are characterized by the use of new technologies and services across multiple jurisdictions that implicate a number of
statutory schemes and a range of rules and regulations that may be subject to broad or creative interpretation, which may subject to us
to litigation, including class action lawsuits, the outcome of which may be difficult to assess or quantify due to the potential ambiguity
inherent in these regulatory schemes and/or the nascence of our technologies and services. Plaintiffs in these types of litigation may
seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown
for substantial periods of time. Any such claims or litigation may be time-consuming and costly, divert management resources, require
us to change our products and services, or have other adverse effects on our business. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and could require us to pay significant monetary damages. In addition, costly and time-consuming litigation
could be necessary to enforce our existing contracts and, even if successful, could have an adverse effect on us. In addition, prolonged
litigation against any airline partner, customer or supplier could have the effect of negatively impacting our reputation and goodwill
with existing and potential airline partners, customers and suppliers. 

Technological advances may harm our business. 

Due to the widening use of state-of-the-art, personal
electronic devices such as Apple s iPad, ever-increasing numbers of passengers have their own mobile devices, which they might use
to bring their own content such as movies, music or games with them on a flight. This could decrease demand for our in-flight offerings.
Carriers now also have greater technical means at their disposal to offer passengers in-flight access to the Internet, including through
our offerings and those of our competitors. At present, these offerings do not allow passengers to fully stream content on their mobile
devices. If, however, in-flight Internet access in the future allows passengers to fully stream content on their mobile devices, this
could decrease demand for our in-flight offerings. While both trends will give rise to risks as well as opportunities for us, it is impossible
to foresee at present whether and, if so, to what extent these trends will have lasting effects. Note, too, that the in-flight entertainment
systems currently in place are unable to support these developments. Given average useful lives of 15 to 20 years, the conventional systems
will continue to dominate the in-flight entertainment industry for the foreseeable future. As a result, possible changes will happen slowly,
giving all market players sufficient time to adapt. 

We may have exposure to foreign currency
risks in the future and our future hedging activities could create losses. 

Currency risks essentially arise from the fact
that sales to customers and purchasing are affected in one currency while fixed costs are incurred in other currencies. If necessary,
we will engage in hedging transactions to counteract direct currency risks. However, we cannot always guarantee that all currency risks
will have been hedged in full. Severe currency fluctuations could also cause the hedging transactions to fail if agreed thresholds (triggers)
are not met or exceeded. We therefore cannot fully preclude negative foreign currency effects in the future - some of which might be substantial
- due to unforeseen exchange rate fluctuations and/or inaccurate assessments of market developments. 

We will source our content from studios,
distributors and other content providers, and any reduction in the volume of content produced by such content providers could hurt our
business by providing us with less quality content to choose from and resulting in potentially less attractive offerings for passengers. 

We will receive content from studios, distributors
and other content providers, and in some circumstances, we will depend on the volume and quality of the content that these content providers
produce. If studios, distributors or other content providers were to reduce the volume or quality of content they make available to us
over any given time period, whether because of their own financial limitations or other factors influencing their businesses, we would
have less quality content to choose from and our programmers would have more difficulty finding relevant and appropriate content to provide
to our customers. This could negatively impact the passenger experience, which could in turn reduce the demand for our offerings, which
would have a negative impact on our revenue and results of operations. 

38 

We are a holding company with no operations
of our own, and we depend on our subsidiaries for cash. 

Currently, we are a holding company and do not
have any material assets or operations other than ownership of equity interests of our subsidiaries. Our operations are conducted almost
entirely through our subsidiaries, and our ability to generate cash to meet our obligations or to pay dividends is highly dependent on
the earnings of, and receipt of funds from, our subsidiaries through dividends or intercompany loans. The ability of our subsidiaries
to generate sufficient cash flow from future operations to allow us and them to make scheduled payments on our obligations will depend
on their future financial performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which
are outside of our control. We cannot assure you that the cash flow and future earnings of our operating subsidiaries will be adequate
for our subsidiaries to service their debt obligations. If our subsidiaries do not generate sufficient cash flow from future operations
to satisfy corporate obligations, we may have to: undertake alternative financing plans (such as refinancing), restructure debt, sell
assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that any such alternative refinancing
would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those
sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional financing would be permitted under
the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our obligations, or
to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future that may severely restrict
or prohibit our subsidiaries from making distributions, paying dividends or making loans to us. 

Risks Relating to our Industry 

Our business is highly dependent on the
airline industry, which is itself affected by factors beyond the airlines control. The airline industry is highly competitive and
sensitive to changing economic conditions. 

Our business is directly affected by the number
of passengers flying on commercial aircraft, the financial condition of the airlines and other economic factors. If consumer demand for
air travel declines, including due to increased use of technology such as videoconferencing for business travelers, or the number of aircraft
and flights shrinks due to, among other reasons, reductions in capacity by airlines, the number of passengers available to use our service
will be reduced, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Unfavorable general economic conditions
and other events that are beyond the airlines control, including higher unemployment rates, higher interest rates, reduced stock
prices, reduced consumer and business spending, terrorist attacks or threats and pandemics could have a material adverse effect on the
airline industry. A general reduction or shift in discretionary spending can result in decreased demand for leisure and business travel
and lead to a reduction in airline flights offered and the number of passengers flying. Further, unfavorable economic conditions could
also limit airlines ability to counteract increased fuel, labor or other costs though raised prices. Our airline partners operate
in a highly competitive business market and, as a result, continue to face pressure on offerings and pricing. These unfavorable conditions
and the competitiveness of the air travel industry could cause one or more of our airline partners to reduce expenditures on passenger
services including deployment of our service or file for bankruptcy. Any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Air traffic congestion at airports, air
traffic control inefficiencies, weather conditions, such as hurricanes or blizzards, increased security measures, new travel-related taxes,
the outbreak of disease or any other similar event could harm the airline industry. 

Airlines are subject to cancellations or delays
caused by factors beyond their control. Cancellations or delays due to weather conditions or natural disasters, air traffic control problems,
breaches in security or other factors could reduce the number of passengers on commercial flights and thereby reduce demand for the services
provided by us and our products and services and harm our businesses, results of operations and financial condition. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may result in a long-term
contraction in the global airline industry, the bulk of which likely would be borne by carriers in the Asia-Pacific region. As a development
stage IFEC service provider with an emphasis on Asia Pacific, the continuation of the coronavirus pandemic may have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and stock price. 

On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization,
or WHO, declared the coronavirus outbreak in China a public health emergency of international concern and on March 11, 2020, the
WHO declared the outbreak a pandemic. In recent months, coronavirus cases have surged outside of China, spreading throughout the world.
Given the high public health risks associated with the disease, governments around the world have imposed various degrees of travel and
gathering restrictions and other quarantine measures. The coronavirus outbreak is currently having an indeterminable adverse impact on
the global economy. 

The coronavirus has a particular adverse impact on the airline industry.
The outbreak in China and throughout the world since December 2019 has led to a precipitous decrease in the number of daily departures
and arrivals for domestic and international flights. According to the International Air Transport Association (IATA) Airlines Financial
Monitor dated December 2021 January 2022, published on January 17, 2022, the following key points were highlighted: 

The latest financial results confirm that the pressure on the industry s operating profitability
eased in Q3 2021. In the sample of 87 airlines, the operating loss improved from 13.6 of revenues in Q2 to 2.6 in Q3. 

The Global airline share price index picked up in January 2022 rising by 5.8 in the first half of January.
The improvement was driven by investors confidence that the new Omicron variant will lead to fewer hospitalizations than other
strains and therefore related disruptions might have a smaller impact on the travel industry than previously expected. 

39 

The latest financial results confirm that pressure on airlines operating profitability eased in
Q3 thanks to a gradual improvement in passenger traffic and a booming air cargo business. The industry-wide operating loss was 2.6 of
revenues over the July- September period, compared with a 13.6 loss in Q2. 

In the sample of 58 airlines, the industry-wide net cashflow from operating activities was at -1 of revenues
in Q3. This represents a significant improvement versus Q3 2020 (around -50 ). 

Taking a closer look at different sources of passenger revenues, premium class passenger traffic continues
to lag the recovery in the economy counterpart. 

Looking ahead, some of the North American airlines improved their revenue forecast for Q4, stating that
travel demand remained robust during the holiday season despite Omicron disruptions. That said, costs pressures are expected to rise as
well. 

IATA expects domestic aviation markets will recover
faster than international markets. Of course, there can be no guarantees that an industry recovery will continue or be sustained or that
a resurgence of the coronavirus pandemic will not reverse recent gains made in the airlines industry. 

As a development stage IFEC service provider with
a focus on Asia Pacific, we are vulnerable to any contraction in the airline industry across the region, and we believe our business may
be adversely affected by the coronavirus epidemic. Our operations in Asia Pacific are conducted through our subsidiaries in the region,
including Aircom HK, Aircom Japan, Aircom Taiwan and Aircom Seychelles. Currently, the primary role of these subsidiaries is business
development with respect to airlines and local content providers and advertising partners. The coronavirus epidemic has slowed down the
operations of our Asia-Pacific subsidiaries. In addition, we plan to locate our first ground station in Taiwan, the implementation of
which could be delayed by the coronavirus epidemic. 

Furthermore, fears of the economic impacts of
the coronavirus have sparked the deepest weekly slides in publicly traded securities since the 2008 financial crisis. The volatility of
stock prices and an across-the-market selloffs may depress our stock price, and moreover, adversely affect our ability to obtain equity
or debt financings from the financial markets. 

Given the uncertainty of the outbreak, the spread
of the coronavirus may be prolonged and worsened. If this outbreak persists, commercial activities throughout the world could be curtailed
with decreased consumer spending, business operation disruptions, interrupted supply chain, difficulties in travel, and reduced workforces.
The duration and intensity of disruptions resulting from the epidemic is uncertain. It is unclear as to when the outbreak will be contained,
and we also cannot predict if the impact will be short-lived or long-lasting. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our
operations and financial results will depend on its future developments. If the coronavirus outbreak is not effectively controlled in
a short period of time, our business operation, financial condition and stock price may be materially and adversely affected as a result
of a slowdown in economic growth, a contraction in the airline sector, depressed customer demand, operation disruptions or other factors
that we cannot foresee. 

Risks Relating to our Technology and Intellectual
Property 

We could be adversely affected if we suffer
service interruptions or delays, technology failures or damage to our equipment. 

Our reputation and ability to attract, retain
and serve our future commercial airline customers will depend upon the reliable performance of our satellite transponder capacity, network
infrastructure and connectivity system. We have experienced interruptions in these systems in the past, including component and service
failures that temporarily disrupted users access to the Internet, and we may experience service interruptions, service delays or
technology or systems failures in the future, which may be due to factors beyond our control. If we experience frequent system or network
failures, our reputation could be harmed and our future airline customers may have the right to terminate their contracts with us or pursue
other remedies. 

Our operations and services will depend upon the
extent to which our equipment and the equipment of our third-party network providers is protected against damage from fire, flood, earthquakes,
power loss, solar flares, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, break-ins, acts of war or terrorism and similar events. Damage
to our networks could cause interruptions in the services that we will provide, which could have a material adverse effect on service
revenue, our reputation and our ability to attract or retain customers. 

We rely on service providers for certain
critical components of and services relating to our satellite connectivity network. 

We currently source key components of our hardware,
including the aircraft installed satellite antenna, from third parties and key aspects of our connectivity services, including all of
our satellite transponder services from SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation. While we have written contracts with these key component and service
providers, if we experience a disruption in the delivery of products and services from either of these providers, it may be difficult
for us to continue providing our own products and services to our customers. We have experienced component delivery issues in the past
and there can be no assurance that we will avoid similar issues in the future. Additionally, the loss of the exclusive source protections
that we have with our hardware provider could eliminate our competitive advantage in the use of satellites for in-flight connectivity,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

40 

Assertions by third parties of infringement,
misappropriation or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights could result in significant costs and substantially harm
our business and operating results. 

In recent years, there has been significant litigation
involving intellectual property rights in many technology-based industries, including the wireless communications industry. Any infringement,
misappropriation or related claims, whether or not meritorious, is time-consuming, diverts technical and management personnel and is costly
to resolve. As a result of any such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing
agreements, cease providing certain products or services or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may
be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. Certain of our suppliers do not provide indemnity to us for the use of the products
and services that these providers supply to us. At the same time, we generally offer third-party intellectual property infringement indemnity
to our customers which, in some cases, does not cap our indemnity obligations and thus could render us liable for both defense costs and
judgments. Any of these events could result in increases in operating expenses, limit our service offerings or result in a loss of business
if we are unable to meet our indemnification obligations and our airline customers terminate or fail to renew their contracts. 

Our use of open-source software could limit
our ability to commercialize our technology. 

Open-source software is software made widely and
freely available to the public in human-readable source code form, usually with liberal rights to modify and improve such software. Some
open-source licenses require as a condition of use that proprietary software that is combined with licensed open-source software and distributed
must be released to the public in source code form and under the terms of the open-source license. Accordingly, depending on the manner
in which such licenses were interpreted and applied, we could face restrictions on our ability to commercialize certain of our products
and we could be required to (i) release the source code of certain of our proprietary software to the public, including competitors; (ii)
seek licenses from third parties for replacement software; and/or (iii) re-engineer our software in order to continue offering our products.
Such consequences could materially adversely affect our business. 

The satellites that we currently rely on
or may rely on in the future have minimum design lives, but could fail or suffer reduced capacity before then. 

The usefulness of the satellites upon which we
currently rely and may rely on in the future is limited by each satellite s minimum design life. For example, the satellites through
which we provide our service have minimum design lives ranging from 10 to 15 years. Our ability to offer in-flight connectivity and alleviate
capacity constraints throughout our network depends on the continued operation of the satellites or any replacement satellites, each of
which has a limited useful life. We can provide no assurance, however, as to the actual operational lives of those or future satellites,
which may be shorter than their design lives, nor can we provide assurance that replacement satellites will be developed, authorized or
successfully deployed. 

In the event of a failure or loss of any of these
satellites, our satellite service providers may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite,
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such a relocation may require regulatory
approval, including through, among other things, a showing that the replacement satellite would not cause additional interference compared
to the failed or lost satellite. We cannot be certain that our satellite service provider could obtain such regulatory approval. In addition,
we cannot guarantee that another satellite will be available for use as a replacement for a failed or lost satellite, or that such relocation
can be accomplished without disrupting or otherwise adversely impacting our business. 

Satellites that are not yet in service are
subject to construction and launch related risks. 

Satellite construction and launch are subject
to significant risks, including delays, launch failure and incorrect orbital placement. Launch failures result in significant delays in
the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites and to obtain other launch opportunities. Construction
and launch delays could materially and adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. 

A failure to raise sufficient capital will
delay or prohibit our building of a satellite ground station and related data center, which will inhibit our business development. 

Because our IFEC services will require the transmission
and processing of large amounts of data, we will need to build satellite ground stations and related data centers in our regions of operation,
to facilitate the effectiveness and efficiency of our IFEC services. If we are not able to raise an amount of capital sufficient to purchase
land for and build a satellite ground station and data center near our area of operations, initially in the Asia region, we may not be
able to provide our IFEC services in an efficient and operationally effective way and, as a result, our business prospects and results
of operations could suffer. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of our Common Stock

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX
Best Market, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Best Market.
The OTCQX Best Market is a significantly more limited market than the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market. The quotation
of our shares on the OTCQX may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our
common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital
in the future. 

41 

Our common stock is quoted on the Professional
Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. 

Since July 23, 2019, our common stock has
also been listed on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the symbol AKOM . The
Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris is a significantly more limited market than the regulated market of
Euronext Paris (Compartment A, B or C). The quotation of our shares on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext
Paris may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential stockholders to trade shares of our common stock,
could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the
future. 

We cannot predict the extent to which an
active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. If an active public trading market does not develop or
cannot be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

At present, there is minimal public trading in
our common stock. We cannot predict the extent to which an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained due
to a number of factors, including the fact that we are a small company that is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
investors, and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of
such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the
purchase of our shares of common stock until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of
several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large
and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot
give you any assurance that an active public trading market for our common stock will develop or be sustained. If such a market cannot
be sustained, you may be unable to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

We may be subject to penny stock regulations
and restrictions and you may have difficulty selling shares of our common stock. 

The SEC has adopted regulations which generally
define so-called penny stocks to be an equity security that has a market price less than 5.00 per share or an exercise
price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is not currently a penny stock and is
not subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional sales practice requirements on
broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally,
individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000 together with their spouses). For
transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and have received
the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. 

For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless
exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of a disclosure schedule prepared by the SEC relating to
the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price
information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stock. 

There can be no assurance that our common stock
will continue to qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule if our stock price drops to the point where we become subject to the
Penny Stock Rule, this rule could affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and affect the ability of purchasers to
sell any of our securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital in the future.
Additionally, if our common stock were to become subject to the Penny Stock Rule, we would become subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange
Act, which gives the SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that
such a restriction would be in the public interest. 

Substantial future sales of our common stock,
or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur, may depress our stock price. 

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market after our public offering declared effective by the SEC on November 6, 2020, or the perception that these sales could
occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional
shares. Following the public offering, we will have approximately 11,492,110 shares of common stock outstanding (assuming the maximum
of 1,951,219 shares are sold in the offering) or 11,784,793 shares of common stock outstanding (assuming the over-subscription amount
is exercised in full). All of the shares of common stock to be sold in the public offering will be freely tradable without restriction
or further registration under the federal securities laws. The remaining shares will be subject to restrictions on resale under U.S. securities
laws. 

42 

Our board of directors has broad discretion
to issue additional securities and any such issuance may cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

We are entitled under our articles of incorporation
to issue up to 90,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock, although these amounts
may change in the future subject to stockholder approval. Shares of our blank check preferred stock provide our board of directors with
broad authority to determine voting, dividend, conversion, and other rights. As of the date of this annual report, we have issued and
outstanding 9,893,137 shares of common stock, no shares of preferred stock, and we have 2,400,000 shares of common stock reserved for
issuance under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, of which 1,248,309 shares remain available for issuance. As of July 1, 2022, we had no
shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Accordingly, at the date of this annual report, we could issue up to 77,137,328 additional
shares of common stock (including shares reserved under our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan) and 50,000,000 shares of blank check 
preferred stock. Any additional stock issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or premium to the then-current market
price of our common stock. In addition, in order to raise capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable
for a significant amount of our common stock. Our board may generally issue those common and preferred shares, or convertible securities
to purchase those shares, without further approval by our stockholders. Any preferred shares we may issue could have such rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions as may be designated from time-to-time by our board, including preferential dividend rights, voting rights,
conversion rights, redemption rights and liquidation provisions. We may also issue additional securities to our directors, officers, employees
and consultants as compensatory grants in connection with their services, both in the form of stand-alone grants or under our stock incentive
plans. The issuance of additional securities may cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. 

Our articles of incorporation, bylaws and
Nevada law have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control, which may cause our stock price
to decline. 

Our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada
law contain provisions which could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if closing such a transaction would be
beneficial to our stockholders. We are currently authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock.
This preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our board of
directors without further action by stockholders. The terms of any series of preferred stock may include voting rights (including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters), preferences as to dividend, liquidation, conversion and redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. No shares of our preferred stock are currently outstanding. The issuance of any preferred stock could materially adversely
affect the rights of the holders of our common stock, and therefore, reduce the value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights
granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell our assets to, a third party
and thereby preserve control by current management. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation, bylaws
and Nevada law also could have the effect of discouraging potential acquisition proposals or making a tender offer or delaying or preventing
a change in control, including changes a stockholder might consider favorable. Such provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts
by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. In particular, our articles of incorporation, our bylaws and Nevada law, as applicable,
among other things, provide our board of directors with the ability to alter our bylaws without stockholder approval, and provide that
vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office, although less than a quorum. 

General Risk Factors 

We will likely need additional financing
to execute our business plan or new initiatives, which we may not be able to secure on acceptable terms, or at all. 

We will require additional financing in the near
and long term to fully execute our business plan. Our success may depend on our ability to raise such additional financing on reasonable
terms and on a timely basis. Conditions in the economy and the financial markets may make it more difficult for us to obtain necessary
additional capital or financing on acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot secure sufficient additional financing, we may be forced
to forego strategic opportunities or delay, scale back or eliminate additional service deployment, operations and investments or employ
internal cost savings measures. Furthermore, we will be forced to take some or all of these measures if we do not raise sufficient funds
in our public offering, the successful completion of which we cannot guarantee. 

We face limitations on our ability to grow
our operations which could harm our operating results and financial condition. 

We have not yet begun selling our IFEC products
or services to our future customers. Our addressable market and our ability to expand in our operating region is inherently limited
by various factors, including limitations on the number of commercial airlines with which we could partner, the number of planes in which
our equipment can be installed, the passenger capacity within each plane and the ability of our network infrastructure or bandwidth to
accommodate increasing capacity demands. Future expansion is also limited by our ability to develop new technologies on a timely and cost-effective
basis, as well as our ability to mitigate network capacity constraints through, among other things, the expansion of our satellite coverage
area. Our future growth may slow, or once we begin selling products and services to our customers, we may stop growing altogether, to
the extent that we have exhausted all potential airline partners and as we approach installation on full fleets and maximum penetration
rates on all flights. In order to grow our future revenue, we will have to rely on customer and airline partner adoption of currently
available and new or developing services and additional offerings. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain a market presence
or establish new markets and, if we fail to do so, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

If our efforts to retain and attract customers
are not successful, our revenue will be adversely affected. 

We expect to generate substantially all of our
revenue from sales of services, some of which will be on a subscription basis. We must be able to retain subscribers and attract new and
repeat customers. If we are unable to effectively retain subscribers and attract new and repeat customers, our business, financial condition
and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

43 

Unreliable service levels, lack of sufficient
capacity, uncompetitive pricing, lack of availability, security risk and lack of related features of our equipment and services are some
of the factors that may adversely impact our ability to retain customers and partners and attract new and repeat customers. If our customers
are able to satisfy their in-flight entertainment needs through activities other than broadband internet access, at no or lower cost,
they may not perceive value in our products and services. If our efforts to satisfy and retain customers and subscribers are not successful,
we may not be able to attract new customers through word-of-mouth referrals. Any of these factors could cause our customer growth rate
to fall, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Adverse economic conditions may have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Macro-economic challenges are capable of creating
volatile and unpredictable environments for doing business. We cannot predict the nature, extent, timing or likelihood of any economic
slowdown or the strength or sustainability of any economic recovery, worldwide, in the United States or in the airline industry. For many
travelers, air travel and spending on in-flight internet access are discretionary purchases that they can eliminate in difficult economic
times. Additionally, a weaker business environment may lead to a decrease in overall business travel, which is an important contributor
to our service revenue. These conditions may make it more difficult or less likely for customers to purchase our equipment and services.
If economic conditions in the United States or globally deteriorate further or do not show improvement, we may experience material adverse
effects to our business, cash flow and results of operations. 

Our operating results may fluctuate unpredictably
and may cause us to fail to meet the expectations of investors, adversely affecting our stock price. 

We operate in a highly dynamic industry and our
future quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly. Our future revenue and operating results may vary from quarter to quarter
due to many factors, many of which are not within our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis
may not be meaningful. Further, it is difficult to accurately forecast our revenue, margin and operating results, and if we fail to match
our expected results or the results expected by financial analysts or investors, the future trading price of our common stock may be adversely
affected. 

In addition, due to generally lower demand for
business travel during the summer months and holiday periods, and leisure and other travel at other times during the year, our quarterly
results may not be indicative of results for the full year. Due to these and other factors, quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our historical
operating results should not be relied upon as accurate indicators of our future performance. 

If our marketing and advertising efforts
fail to generate revenue on a cost-effective basis, or if we are unable to manage our marketing and advertising expenses, it could harm
our results of operations and growth. 

Our future growth and profitability, as well as
the maintenance and enhancement of our brands, will depend in large part on the effectiveness and efficiency of our future marketing and
advertising expenditures. We plan to use a diverse mix of television, print, trade show and online marketing and advertising programs
to promote our business. Significant increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase
our expenses or cause us to choose less expensive, but potentially less effective, marketing and advertising channels. In addition, to
the extent we implement new marketing and advertising strategies, we may in the future have significantly higher expenses. We may in the
future incur, marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognizing revenue associated with
such expenses, and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not result in increased revenue or generate sufficient levels of brand
awareness. If we are unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective terms, our marketing and advertising
expenses could increase substantially, our customer levels could be affected adversely, and our business, financial condition and results
of operations may suffer. 

We believe our business depends on strong
brands, and if we do not develop, maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to gain new customers and retain customers may be impaired. 

We believe that our brands will be a critical
part of our business. We expect to collaborate extensively with our future airline partners on the look and feel of the in-flight homepage
that their passengers encounter when logging into our service in flight. In order to maintain strong relationships with our airline partners,
we may have to reduce the visibility of our brand or make other decisions that do not promote and maintain our brand. In addition, many
of our trademarks contain words or terms having a somewhat common usage and, as a result, we may have trouble registering or protecting
them in certain jurisdictions. If we fail to promote and maintain our brand, or if we incur significant expenses to promote the brands
and are still unsuccessful in maintaining strong brands, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

Businesses or technologies we acquire could
prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our ongoing business, dilute stockholder value or have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

As part of our business strategy, we may engage
in acquisitions of businesses or technologies to augment our organic or internal growth. We do not have any relevant experience with integrating
and managing acquired businesses or assets. Acquisitions involve challenges and risks in negotiation, execution, valuation and integration.
Moreover, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition opportunities on terms that are acceptable to us. Even if successfully negotiated,
closed and integrated, certain acquisitions may not advance our business strategy, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets
or may fail. Any future acquisition could involve numerous risks, including: 

potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; 

difficulty integrating the operations and products of the acquired business; 

44 

use of cash to fund the acquisition or for unanticipated expenses; 

limited market experiences in new businesses; 

exposure to unknown liabilities, including litigation against the companies we acquire; 

additional costs due to differences in culture, geographical locations and duplication of key talent; 

delays associated with or resources being devoted to regulatory review and approval; 

acquisition-related accounting charges affecting our balance sheet and operations; 

difficulty integrating the financial results of the acquired business in our consolidated financial statements; 

controls in the acquired business; 

potential impairment of goodwill; 

dilution to our current stockholders from the issuance of equity securities; or 

potential loss of key employees or customers of the acquired company. 

In the event that we enter into any acquisition
agreements, closing of the transactions could be delayed or prevented by regulatory approval requirements, including antitrust review,
or other conditions. We may not be successful in addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with any attempted
acquisitions, and we could assume the economic risks of such failed or unsuccessful acquisitions. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights. 

We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights,
patents, trade secrets, proprietary technologies, domain names and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We rely
on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, vendors, airline customers,
customers and others to protect our proprietary rights. We have sought and obtained patent protection for certain of our technologies
in the United States and certain other countries. Many of the trademarks that we use contain words or terms having a somewhat common usage
and, as a result, we may have difficulty registering them in certain jurisdictions. We have not yet obtained registrations for our most
important marks in all markets in which we may do business in the future, including countries in Asia, Africa and the Middle East. If
other companies have registered or have been using in commerce similar trademarks for services similar to ours in foreign jurisdictions,
we may have difficulty in registering, or enforcing an exclusive right to use, our marks in those foreign jurisdictions. 

There can be no assurance that our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights will be sufficient or effective, that any pending or future patent and trademark applications will lead
to issued patents and registered trademarks in all instances, that others will not develop or patent similar or superior technologies,
products or services, or that our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated
or infringed by others. Additionally, the intellectual property laws and enforcement practices of other countries in which our service
is or may in the future be offered may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the
United States. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use, our brand image may be harmed and our business
and results of operations may suffer. 

Our common stock may be subject to significant
price volatility which may have an adverse effect on your ability to liquidate your investment in our common stock. 

The market for our common stock may be characterized
by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers, and we expect that our share price will be more volatile than a seasoned
issuer for the indefinite future. The potential volatility in our share price is attributable to a number of factors. First, our shares
of common stock may be sporadically and/or thinly traded. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity, the trading of relatively small
quantities of shares by our stockholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction. The price for
our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our shares of common stock are sold on the market
without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer that could better absorb those sales without adverse impact on its share
price. Secondly, an investment in us is a speculative or risky investment due to our lack of meaningful profits to date
and uncertainty of future profits. As a consequence of this enhanced risk, more risk-adverse investors may, under the fear of losing all
or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more
quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer. 

45 

We have never paid cash dividends on our
stock and do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 

We have paid no cash dividends on any class of
our stock to date and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the near term. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any
earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock.
Accordingly, investors must be prepared to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation to earn an investment return,
which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Any determination to pay dividends in the
future will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, financial condition, contractual
restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board deems relevant. 

Fulfilling our obligations incident to being
a public company, including with respect to the requirements of and related rules under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is expensive and
time-consuming, and any delays or difficulties in satisfying these obligations could have a material adverse effect on our future results
of operations and our stock price. 

As a public company, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC require us to implement various corporate governance practices and adhere to a variety
of reporting requirements and complex accounting rules. Compliance with these public company obligations requires us to devote significant
time and resources and places significant additional demands on our finance and accounting staff and on our financial accounting and information
systems. We plan to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company reporting experience and technical
accounting knowledge. Other expenses associated with being a public company include increased auditing, accounting and legal fees and
expenses, investor relations expenses, increased directors fees and director and officer liability insurance costs, registrar and
transfer agent fees and listing fees, as well as other expenses. 

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 to document and test the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required under the Exchange
Act to maintain disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Any failure to maintain effective controls
or implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. This could result in a decrease in the value
of our common stock. Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations
by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Aircom currently leases approximately 4,958 square
feet of space at the Fremont, CA address, comprised of administrative offices, from Global Venture Development, LLC, which lease expires
on May 31, 2023. We pay a monthly base rent of 7,438. 

Aircom Japan leases approximately 78 square meters
of space at our Japan office. The lease expires in June 2022 and the monthly lease payment is approximately 3,102. Aircom Japan also
leases additional space at a cost of approximately 1,391 per month. 

Aircom HK leases approximately 2,300 square feet
of space at our Hong Kong office. The lease expires on June 27, 2022 and the monthly lease payment is 3,829. Aircom HK also leases warehouse
from the same landlord at a cost of approximately 450 per month. 

Aerkomm Malta leases approximately 150 square
meters of space at our Malta office. The lease expires on December 31, 2020 and the monthly lease payment is 2,000. The lease was
renewed on December 6, 2020 for a further period of one year and extended until end February 2022 

under the same conditions. Aerkomm Malta is now
looking to lease another property. 

We believe that our properties have been adequately
maintained, are generally in good condition, and are suitable and adequate for our business. 

46 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of
any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating
results. 

On October 15, 2018, Aircom Telecom entered into
a product purchase agreement, or the October 15 th PPA, with Republic Engineers Maldives Pte. Ltd., a company affiliated with
Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd., or Republic Engineers, a Singapore based, private construction and contracting company. On November 30,
2018, the October 15 th PPA was re-executed with Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd. as the signing party. The Company refers to this
new agreement as the November 30th PPA and, together with the October 15th PPA, the PPA. Under the terms of the PPA, Republic Engineers
committed to the purchase of a minimum of 10 shipsets of the AERKOMM K++ system at an aggregate purchase price of 10 million. Additionally,
under the terms of the PPA, the Executive Director of Republic Engineers, C. A. Raja, agreed to sign an agreement, or the Guarantee, to
guarantee all of the obligations of Republic Engineers under the PPA. Republic Engineers had submitted a purchase order, or PO, dated
October 15, 2018 for the 10 shipsets and was supposed to have made payments to Aircom Telecom against the purchase order shortly thereafter.
Republic Engineers made no payments against the purchase order and the Company did not begin any work on the ordered shipsets. On July
7, 2020, Republic Engineers and Mr. Raja filed a complaint against Aerkomm, Aircom and Aircom Telecom (the Aircom Parties in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Almeda, or the Court, seeking declaratory relief only and no money
damages, alleging that the PPA and the PO were not executed or authorized by Republic Engineers and that the Guarantee was not executed
or authorized by Mr. Raja. Republic Engineers and C. A. Raja requested from the Court (i) orders that the PPA, the PO and the Guarantee
be declared null and void and (ii) the payment of their reasonable attorney s fees. On July 29, 2020, Aircom Telecom provided notice
to Republic Engineers that the PPA and the PO was terminated according to their terms as a result of the non-performance of Republic Engineers
and the Failure of Mr. Raja to provide the Guarantee. The Aircom Parties filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings in August 2021,
asking the Court to find the Complaint for Declaratory Relief to be moot, because the contracts that are the subject of the Complaint
have been terminated. On September 22, 2021, the Court granted that motion, and dismissed the complaint. At the request of Republic Engineers,
the Court granted Republic Engineers leave to amend its complaint to attempt to allege a viable claim. On May 10, 2022 Republic Engineers
and the Aircom Parties entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement, which included, among other things, a denial of wrongdoing
by both parties, a requirement that Republic Engineering file a motion with the Court to dismiss its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties
and a mutual release by each party of any and all claims against the other party relating to this dispute. On May 17, 2022, Republic Engineers
filed with the Court a motion to dismiss, with prejudice, its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties and on that same day the Court officially
dismissed the lawsuit. 

On June 20, 2018, we entered into the Cooperation
Framework Agreement, as supplemented on July 19, 2019, with Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd., or Yihe, the authorized agent of Guangdong
Tengnan Internet, or Tencent Group, pursuant to which Yihe agreed to assist the Company with public relations, advertising, market and
brand promotion, as well as with the development of a working application of the Tencent Group WeChat Pay payment solution and WeChat
applets applicable for Chinese users and relating to cell phone and WiFi connectivity on airplanes. As compensation under this Yihe agreement,
we paid Yihe RMB 8 million (approximately US 1.2 million). On October 16, 2020, in accordance with the provisions of the agreement
with Yihe, as supplemented, we filed an arbitration action with the ShenZhen International Arbitration Court, or the Arbitration Court,
claiming that Yihe failed to perform under the terms of the supplemented agreement and seeking a complete refund of our RMB 8 million
payment to Yihe. On March 25, 2022, the Shenzhen International Arbitration Court issued a judgment in our favor. The Court deemed
our agreement with Yihe terminated as of November 24, 2020, our date of filing with the Court, and held that Yihe is required to promptly
repay us RMB 7.5 million and reimburse us RMB 178,125 in court costs. We will make every effort to collect these amounts from Yihe. 

On December 1, 2020, the United States Patent
and Trademark Office (the USPTO issued a Final Office Action relating to Aerkomm Inc. indicating that our US trademark
application (Serial No. 88464588) for the name AERKOMM, which was originally filed with the USPTO on June 7, 2019, was being
rejected because of a likelihood of confusion with a similarly sounding name trademarked at, and in use from, an earlier date. We successfully
appealed this USPTO action and the USPTO issued to us a trademark registration for the service mark AERKOMM under Trademark Class 38 (telecommunications)
on November 2, 2021 and Trademark Class 41 (entertainment services) on November 23, 2021. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock began trading on the OTCQB Venture
Market on May 30, 2017 under the symbol AKOM. On July 31, 2017, our stock began trading on the OTCQX Best Market. To date,
there has been limited trading for our common stock on the OTC Markets. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transaction. 

Since July 23, 2019, our common stock has also
been listed on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of Euronext Paris under the symbol AKOM . 

Consistent with customary practice in the French
securities market, we entered into a liquidity agreement (contrat de liquidit with Invest Securities SA, dated September 9, 2019.
The liquidity agreement complies with applicable laws and regulations in France. The liquidity agreement authorizes Invest Securities
SA to carry out market purchases and sales of shares of our common stock on the Euronext Paris market. The balance of liquidity account
is classified in other non-current financial assets in our statement of financial position. At July 1, 2022, 5,361 shares of our common
stock were in the liquidity account. The liquidity agreement had a term of one year and to be renewed automatically unless otherwise terminated
by either party. In January 2022, Invest Securities SA terminated the agreement and we are determining whether to continue a similar program. 

Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock 

As of July 1, 2022, there were approximately 26
holders of record of our common stock. This number excludes the shares of our common stock owned by stockholders holding stock under nominee
security position listings. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid a cash dividend.
We currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, if at all. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion
of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions
and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

See Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We have not sold any equity securities during
the 2021 fiscal year that were not previously disclosed in a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K that was filed
during the 2021 fiscal year. 

Purchases of Equity Securities 

No repurchases of our common stock were made
during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021. 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

48 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis was
prepared to supplement information contained in the accompanying financial statements and is intended to explain certain items regarding
the Company's financial condition as of December 31, 2021, and its results of operations for the years ended December 31,
2021 and 2020. 

The following discussion and analysis of our
financial condition and result of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the notes thereto and the
other financial information appearing elsewhere in this annual report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion
contains certain forward-looking information. See Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements above for certain information
concerning those forward-looking statements. Our financial statements are prepared in U.S. dollars and in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles. 

Overview 

We are a full-service development stage provider
of IFEC solutions. With advanced technologies and a unique business model, we, as a service provider of IFEC solutions, intend to provide
airline passengers with a broadband in-flight experience that encompasses a wide range of service options. Such options include Wi-Fi,
cellular, movies, gaming, live TV, and music. We plan to offer these core services, which we are currently still developing, through
both built-in in-flight entertainment systems, such as in seat-back displays, as well as on passengers personal devices. We also
expect to provide content management services and e-commerce solutions related to our IFEC solutions. 

We plan to partner with airlines and offer airline
passengers free IFEC services. We expect to generate revenue through advertising and in-flight transactions. We believe that this is
an innovative approach that differentiates us from existing market players. 

To complement and facilitate our planned IFEC
service offerings, we intend to build satellite ground stations and related data centers within the geographic regions where we expect
to be providing IFEC airline services. We have purchased a 6.36 acre parcel of land in Taiwan where we expect to build our first ground
station. We are currently waiting for the title to this Taiwan land parcel to be transferred to us and once that process is completed,
we intend to mortgage the property to finance the cost of the first ground station construction. 

Our total sales were 3,250,000 and 0 for the
years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Our total sales of 3,250,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of a non-recurring
sale of ground antenna units to a related party and sales of network hardware to a non-related party. 

The COVID-19 Pandemic Expected Impact on Aerkomm s
Business 

Although we cannot predict with any degree of
certainty the long-term impact on our business of the COVID-19 pandemic, we do not expect that the COVID-19 pandemic will have a material
adverse effect on our business in 2020, in view of the fact that Aerkomm is a development stage company. Consequently, we do not have
any contractual agreements with airlines that would result in a decrease or complete halt in revenue generation due to the grounding
of aircraft and reduction in aircraft fleets and new aircraft purchases. Additionally, because we do not currently have any operational
IFEC systems, we are not generating any recurrent operational expenses with satellite companies that provide bandwidth connectivity for
operational IFEC systems. We expect that we will acquire certification of our Aerkomm K++ System by the first quarter of 2023, and we
are currently targeting the commencement of the initial installations of our Aerkomm K++ System by the end of the first quarter of 2023,
although these target dates could get pushed back due to various factors, including the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. While
according to the current IATA data, the recovery in 2021 is expected to be slow, this could work to our advantage as it will provide
the opportunity to have more aircraft on the ground available for the retrofit installation of our Aerkomm K++ System equipment. That
is, we will not have to wait for a prospective airline customer to cycle through its scheduled grounding of aircraft for major maintenance
checks to be able to install our K++ System retrofit solution. Of course, there can be no assurance that a grounded airline fleet would
make it more probable that an airline company would contract for our Aerkomm K++ System installation. 

Because under our innovative business model we
will be providing the AERKOMM K++ System free of charge to commercial airlines, we believe that the COVID-19 economic environment may
provide us with a competitive advantage in relation to airlines that need to upgrade IFEC solutions to better serve their passengers,
but because of drastically reduced revenues, will not be able to afford to purchase IFEC equipment in the foreseeable future. Additionally,
as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic begins to become more manageable and air travel begins to increase once again, airlines will need
to attract passengers. Our revenue sharing model may incentivize airlines to install our AERKOMM K++ System in expectation that they
may be able to generate additional revenues from passengers who will not be required to pay for connectivity. 

With respect to our AirCinema Cube, which we
are developing for installation on Hong Kong Airlines and Vietjet aircraft and which is expected to be ready for installation by the
third quarter of 2022, we believe we will still be able to begin installations on schedule. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, even
if we can install the AirCinema Cube on schedule, revenue from the AirCinema Cube will, most likely, be delayed until the fleet of Vietjet
and Hong Kong Airlines re-commences its full schedule which, we expect, will be third quarter of 2022 and late in the fourth quarter
of 2022, respectively. 

Because of the unpredictability of the future
developments of the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot be sure that any of our development, certification, installation or revenue generation
expectations, with respect to timing or otherwise, will be met. 

49 

Principal Factors Affecting Financial Performance 

We believe that our operating and business performance
will be driven by various factors that affect the commercial airline industry, including trends affecting the travel industry and trends
affecting the customer bases that we target, as well as factors that affect wireless Internet service providers and general macroeconomic
factors. Key factors that may affect our future performance include: 

our ability
 to enter into and maintain long-term business arrangements with airline partners, which depends on numerous factors including the
 real or perceived availability, quality and price of our services and product offerings as compared to those offered by our competitors; 

the extent
 of the adoption of our products and services by airline partners and customers; 

costs
 associated with implementing, and our ability to implement on a timely basis, our technology, upgrades and installation technologies; 

costs
 associated with and our ability to execute our expansion, including modification to our network to accommodate satellite technology,
 development and implementation of new satellite-based technologies, the availability of satellite capacity, costs of satellite capacity
 to which we may have to commit well in advance, and compliance with regulations; 

costs associated with managing
 a rapidly growing company; 

the impact and effects
 of the global outbreak of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and other potential pandemics or contagious diseases or fear of such
 outbreaks, on the global airline and tourist industries, especially in the Asia Pacific region; 

the number of aircraft
 in service in our markets, including consolidation of the airline industry or changes in fleet size by one or more of our commercial
 airline partners; 

the economic environment
 and other trends that affect both business and leisure travel; 

continued demand for connectivity
 and proliferation of Wi-Fi enabled devices, including smartphones, tablets and laptops; 

our ability to obtain required
 telecommunications, aviation and other licenses and approvals necessary for our operations; and 

changes in laws, regulations
 and interpretations affecting telecommunications services and aviation, including, in particular, changes that impact the design
 of our equipment and our ability to obtain required certifications for our equipment. 

Emerging Growth Company 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and therefore we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various public company reporting requirements,
including not being required to have our internal controls over financial reporting audited by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
any golden parachute payments. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 
In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards
until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards under the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards
that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of
this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. We will remain
an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year: (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our initial public offering; (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion; or (c) in
which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates
exceeded 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company have the meaning associated with
that term in the JOBS Act. 

50 

Results of Operations 

The discussion below relates to our two fiscal years ended on December
31, 2021 and 2020. 

Comparison of Years Ended December
31, 2021 and 2020 

The following table sets forth key components
of our results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Years Ended 
December 31, 
 Change 

2021 
 2020 

Sales 
 3,250,000 
 - 
 3,250,000 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of sales 
 3,050,978 
 - 
 3,050,978 
 100.0 
 
 Operating expenses 
 10,103,543 
 8,335,598 
 1,767,945 
 21.2 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (9,904,521 
 (8,335,598 
 (1,568,923 
 18.8 
 
 Net non-operating income (expense) 
 524,335 
 (773,262 
 1,297,598 
 (167.8 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (9,380,186 
 (9,108,860 
 (271,325 
 3.0 
 
 Income tax expense 
 3,239 
 3,286 
 (47 
 (1.4 
 
 Net Loss 
 (9,383,425 
 (9,112,146 
 (271,278 
 3.0 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 (141,930 
 (1,271,589 
 1,129,659 
 (88.8 
 
 Total comprehensive loss 
 (9,525,354 
 (10,383,735 
 858,381 
 (8.3 

Revenue . Our sales were 3,250,000
for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the 0 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our total revenue of 3,250,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the sales of ground antenna units of 1,440,000 to a related party and sales of network
hardware of 1,810,000 to a non-related party. Our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 0 as we are still developing
our core business in in-flight entertainment and connectivity and there was no non-recurring sale. 

Cost of sales . Our cost of sales
includes the direct costs of our raw materials and component parts, as well as the cost of labor and overhead. Our cost of sales was
 3,050,978 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021
was 3,050,978 as we sold ground antenna units to a related party in the amount of 1,243,878 and network hardware to a non-related party
in the amount of 1,807,100, while the cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 0 as we did not have any sales during
the periods. 

Operating expenses . Our operating
expenses consist primarily of compensation and benefits, professional advisor fees, cost of promotion, business development, business
travel, transportation costs, and other expenses incurred in connection with general operations. Our operating expenses increased by
 1,767,945 to 10,103,543 for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 8,335,598 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Such increase was
mainly due to the increase in stock-based compensation expense, payroll and related expenses, equipment leasing, accounting and auditing
expenses, insurance expense and legal expense in the amount of 921,628, 419,932, 300,000, 253,148, 139,054 and 132,615, respectively,
which was offset by the decrease in travel expense and amortization expense in the amount of 236,037 and 187,915, respectively. 

Net non-operating income (expense) .
We had 524,335 in net non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 773,262 in net non-operating expense
for the year ended December 31, 2020. Net non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of unrealized
gain from long-term investment of 972,722, gain on disposal of investment of 306,848, gain on foreign exchange of 188,020, which was
offset by the financing cost from bonds issuance of 942,375 and net interest expense of 79,297. Net non-operating expense for the year
ended December 31, 2020 primarily consisted of net interest expense of 39,494, other loss of 1,155,623 due to a loss from allowance
for other receivable (as explained under the Legal Proceedings section below), unrealized loss from investments of 868,064 and gain
on foreign exchange of 1,088,672, Covid-19 government subsidy of 38,763 received by Aircom Japan and 15,085 received by Aircom HK
and forgiveness of PPP Loan of 163,200 received by Aircom. 

Loss before income taxes . Our loss
before income taxes is 9,380,186 for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the loss before income taxes for the year ended
December 31, 2020 of 9,108,860, an increase of 271,326, or 3.0 , as a result of the factors described above. 

Income tax expense (benefit) . Income
tax expense decreased by 47 to 3,239 for the year ended December 31, 2021, from an income tax expense of 3,286 for the year ended
December 31, 2020. The income tax expenses were mainly due to California franchise tax and foreign subsidiary s income tax expenses. 

Total comprehensive loss . As
a result of the cumulative effect of the factors described above, our total comprehensive loss increased by 858,380, or 8.3 , to 9,525,355
for the year ended December 31, 2021, from 10,383,735 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2021, we had cash of 38,695
and restricted cash of 3,250,118. We have financed our operations primarily through cash proceeds from financing activities, including
from our 2020 Offering, the issuance of convertible bonds, short-term borrowings and equity contributions by our stockholders. 

51 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flow: 

Cash Flow 

Years Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,963,824 
 (1,912,091 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (76,950 
 (5,376,667 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,676,926 
 11,378,109 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 
 (363,848 
 4,089,351 
 
 Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 3,794,591 
 976,829 
 
 Foreign currency translation effect on cash and restricted cash 
 (141,930 
 (1,271,589 
 
 Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
 3,288,813 
 3,794,591 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 1,963,824
for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 1,912,091 for the year ended December 31, 2020. In addition to the net loss of 9,383,425,
the increase in net cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to increase in accounts receivable
and prepaid expense and decrease in accounts payable and other payable others of 136,800, 388,828, 309,712 and 281,535, respectively,
offset by the decrease in inventories, increase in accrued expenses and other payable related parties of 1,824,273, 1,322,637
and 243,214, respectively. In addition to the net loss of 9,112,146, the increase in net cash used in operating activities during the
year ended December 31, 2020 was mainly due to the increase in inventory of 2,172,863, offset by the decrease in accounts receivable,
decrease in prepaid expenses, increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses, other payable related parties and other payable
- others of 451,130, 1,345,956, 961,610, 886,319, 420,215 and 1,311,246, respectively. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for the
year ended December 31, 2021 was 76,950 as compared to 5,376,667 for the year ended December 31, 2020. The net cash used in investing
activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly due to purchase of property and equipment of 163,862, which was offset by
proceeds from disposal of trading security of 101,547. The net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020
was mainly due to the prepayment on long-term investment of 5,027,600, purchase of trading securities of 233,174, prepayment for equipment
of 86,617 and purchase of property and equipment of 29,276. 

Our 5,027,600 purchase of long-term investment
in 2020 was made to purchase 6,000,000 shares of Ejectt, one of our business partners and a related party. This purchase was made for
business purposes in Taiwan relating to local operations. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 1,676,926 and 11,378,109, respectively. Net cash provided by financing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021 was mainly attributable to proceeds from short-term loan of 1,106,666 and issuing of common stock
for warrants exercise of 592,800. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2020 was mainly attributable
to the net proceeds from issuance of common stock of 1,667,080, net proceeds from issuance of convertible bonds of 9,218,094 and
proceeds from short-term loan related party of 527,066. 

On May 9, 2019, two of our current shareholders,
whom we refer to as the Lenders, each committed to provide us with a 10 million bridge loan, or together, the Loans, for an aggregate
principal amount of 20 million, to bridge our cash flow needs prior to our obtaining a mortgage loan to be secured by our Taiwan land
parcel which we recently purchased. The Taiwan land parcel consists of approximately 6.36 acres of undeveloped land located at the Taishui
Grottoes in the Xinyi District of Keelung City, Taiwan. Aerkomm Taiwan contracted to purchase the Taiwan land parcel for NT 1,056,297,507,
or US 34,474,462, and as of July 3, 2019 we completed payment of the purchase price for the Taiwan land parcel in full. We are now waiting
for title to the Taiwan land parcel to be transferred to us pending the completion of our satellite ground station licensing process.
The Loans will be secured by the Taiwan land parcel with the initial closing date of the Loans to be a date, designated by us, within
30 days following the date that the title for the Taiwan land parcel is fully transferred to and vested in our subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan.
The Loans will bear interest, non-compounding, at the Bank of America Prime Rate plus 1 , annually, calculated on the actual number of
days the Loans are outstanding and based on a 365-day year and will be due and payable upon the earlier of (1) the date of our obtaining
a mortgage loan secured by the Taiwan land parcel with a principal amount of not less than 20 million and (2) one year following the
initial closing date of the Loans. The Lenders also agreed to an earlier closing of up to 25 of the principal amounts of the Loans upon
our request prior to the time that title to the Taiwan land parcel is transferred to our subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, provided that we
provide adequate evidence to the Lenders that the proceeds of such an earlier closing would be applied to pay our vendors. We, of course,
cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to obtain a mortgage on the Taiwan land parcel once the acquisition is completed.
On April 25, 2022, the Lenders amended the commitment and agreed to increase the percentage of earlier closing amount from 25 to 100 .
As of the date of this annual report, drawn down approximately 60,000 (approximately NTD 2,620,000) under the Loans from one of the
Lenders. 

52 

On July 10, 2018, in conjunction with our agreement
to acquire the Taiwan land parcel, we entered into a binding letter of commitment with Metro Investment Group Limited, or MIGL, pursuant
to which we agreed to pay MIGL an agent commission of four percent (4 of the full purchase price of the Taiwan land parcel, equivalent
to approximately US 1,387,127, for MIGL s services provided with respect to the acquisition. Under the terms of the initial agreement
with MIGL, we agreed to pay this commission no later than 90 days following payment in full of the Taiwan land parcel purchase price.
In May 2019 and December 2021, we amended the binding letter of commitment with MIGL to extend the payment to be paid after the full
payment of the Land acquisition price until no later than June 30, 2022. If there is a delay in payment, we shall be responsible for
punitive liquidated damages at the rate of one tenth of one percent (0.1 of the commission per day of delay with a maximum cap to these
damages of five percent (5 ). Under applicable Taiwanese law, the commission was due and payable upon signing of the letter of commitment
even if the contract is cancelled for any reason and the acquisition is not completed. We have recorded the estimated commission to the
cost of land and will be paying the amount no later than June 30, 2022. 

On December 3, 2020, the Company closed a private
placement offering (the Bond Offering consisting of US 10,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of its Credit Enhanced
Zero Coupon Convertible Bond due 2025 (the Credit Enhanced Bonds and US 200,000 in aggregate principal amount of its 7.5 
convertible bonds due 2025 (the Coupon Bonds, and together with the Credited Enhanced Bonds, the Bonds ). 

Payments of principal, premium, interest and
any payments thereof in respect of the Credit Enhanced Bonds will have the benefit of a bank guarantee denominated in U.S. dollars and
issued by Bank of Panhsin Co., Ltd., based in Taiwan. Unless previously redeemed, converted or repurchased and canceled, the Credit Enhanced
Bonds will be redeemed on December 2, 2025 at 105.11 of their principal amount and the Coupon Bonds will be redeemed on December 2,
2025 at 100 of their principal amount plus any accrued and unpaid interest. The Coupon Bonds will bear interest from and including December
2, 2020 at the rate of 7.5 per annum. Interest on the Coupon Bonds is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 each
year, commencing on June 1, 2021. Unless previously redeemed, converted or repurchased and cancelled, the Bonds may be converted at any
time on or after December 3, 2020 up to November 20, 2025 into shares of Common Stock of the Company with a par value US 0.001 each (such
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Shares ). The initial conversion price for the Bonds is US 13.30 per Conversion Share
and is subject to adjustment in specified circumstances. Please refer to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with SEC on December 4,
2020. 

On December 31, 2020, we entered into an underwriting
agreement (the Underwriting Agreement-Invest Securities with Invest Securities SA Invest-Securities in
connection with the public offering 2020 Offering ), issuance and sale of up to 1,951,219 shares of our common stock on
a best-efforts basis at the public offering price of 20.50 (approximately 25.07) per share, less underwriting discounts, for up
to a maximum of 40 million (approximately 48.9 million). As of December 31, 2020, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement-Invest
Securities, we had completed a closing and issued an aggregate of 96,160 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 1.97
million (approximately 2.41 million), or net proceeds of 1.4 million (approximately 1.7 million). This offering has terminated. 

The Company has not generated significant revenues,
excluding non-recurring revenues in 2021 and 2019, and will incur additional expenses as a result of being a public reporting company.
Currently, we have taken measures that management believes will improve our financial position by financing activities, including having
successfully completed our Bond Offering, 2020 Offering, short-term borrowings and other private loan commitments, including the Loans
from our investors, discussed above. With our current available cash, the 20 million in loan commitments from the Lenders and our expectations
for our ability to raise funds in the near term, we believe our working capital will be adequate to sustain our operations for the next
twelve months. 

However, even if we successfully raise sufficient
capital to satisfy our needs over the next twelve months, following that period we will require additional cash resources for the implementation
of our strategy to expand our business or for other investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. If our internal financial resources
are insufficient to satisfy our capital requirements, we will need seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional
credit facilities, although there can be no assurances that we will be successful in these efforts. The sale of additional equity securities
could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could
require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. Financing may not be available in amounts
or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any failure by us to raise additional funds on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit
our ability to expand our business operations and could harm our overall business prospects. 

On June 28, 2022, we entered into a subscription
agreement with an investor who agreed to purchase 550,000 shares of our common stock for 6.00 Euros per share for an aggregate purchase
price of 3,300,000 Euros (the Purchase Price ). This transaction closed on June 29, 2022 and we received the Purchase Price
equivalent to U.S. 3,175,200.77 from this investor. Despite the fact that we have received the investor s funds, the subscription
agreement is subject to a cooling off period pursuant to which it may be terminated prior to July 29, 2022 by either party at any time
and for any reason. If the subscription agreement is terminated by the investor, we will be required to return the Purchase Price funds
to the investor, without interest. Because of the wording of the subscription agreement, we cannot assure you at this time that we will
not be required to return the Purchase Price funds to the investor. 

Capital Expenditures 

Our operations continue to require significant
capital expenditures primarily for technology development, equipment and capacity expansion. Capital expenditures are associated with
the supply of airborne equipment to our prospective airline partners, which correlates directly to the roll out and/or upgrade of service
to our prospective airline partners fleets. Capital spending is also associated with the expansion of our network, ground stations
and data centers and includes design, permitting, construction, network equipment and installation costs. 

Capital expenditures for the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020 were 148,921 and 349,067, respectively. 

53 

We anticipate an increase in capital spending
in fiscal year 2022 and estimate that capital expenditures will range from 10 million to 40 million as we will begin airborne equipment
installations and continue to execute our expansion strategy. 

Inflation 

Inflation and changing prices have not had a
material effect on our business and we do not expect that inflation or changing prices will materially affect our business in the foreseeable
future. However, our management will closely monitor price changes in our industry and continually maintain effective cost control in
operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to an investor in our securities. 

Seasonality 

Our operating results and operating cash flows
historically have not been subject to significant seasonal variations. This pattern may change, however, as a result of new market opportunities
or new product introductions. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates and judgments
that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies, if any. We have
identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting policies
are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operation. Critical accounting policies are those that are
most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management s difficult, subjective,
or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may
change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements
and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management s current judgments.
We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of
our financial statements: 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash in banks. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the total balance
of cash in bank exceeding the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) for the Company was approximately 0
and 233,000, respectively. The balance of cash deposited in foreign financial institutions exceeding the amount insured by local insurance
is approximately 3,106,000 and 3,514,000 as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 

We perform ongoing credit evaluation of our customers
and requires no collateral. An allowance for doubtful accounts is provided based on a review of the collectability of accounts receivable.
We determine the amount of allowance for doubtful accounts by examining its historical collection experience and current trends in the
credit quality of its customers as well as its internal credit policies. Actual credit losses may differ from our estimates. 

Inventories 

Inventories are recorded at the lower of weighted-average
cost or net realizable value. We assess the impact of changing technology on its inventory on hand and writes off inventories that are
considered obsolete. Estimated losses on scrap and slow-moving items are recognized in the allowance for losses. 

Property and Equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation. When value impairment is determined, the related assets are stated at the lower of fair value or book value.
Significant additions, renewals and betterments are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. 

Depreciation is computed by using the straight-line
and double declining methods over the following estimated service lives: ground station equipment 5 years, computer equipment
- 3 to 5 years, furniture and fixtures - 5 years, satellite equipment 5 years, vehicles 5 to 6 years and lease improvement
 5 years or remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. 

Upon sale or disposal of property and equipment,
the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the corresponding accounts, with any gain or loss credited or charged
to income in the period of sale or disposal. 

54 

We review the carrying amount of property and
equipment for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.
It determined that there was no impairment loss for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Right-of-Use Asset and Lease Liability 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-02,
 Leases (Topic 842) ASU 2016-02 ), which modifies lease accounting for both lessees and lessors to increase
transparency and comparability by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating
leases and finance leases under previous accounting standards and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. 

A lessee should recognize the lease liability
to make lease payments and the right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For operating
leases and finance leases, a right-of-use asset and a lease liability are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments
by discount rates. The Company s lease discount rates are generally based on its incremental borrowing rate, as the discount rates
implicit in the Company s leases is readily determinable. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use assets
and lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment and lease liability in
our consolidated balance sheets. Lease expense for operating expense payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.
Interest and amortization expenses are recognized for finance leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

For the leases with a term of twelve months or
less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease
liabilities. If a lessee makes this election, it should recognize lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis over
the lease term. We adopted ASU 2016-02 effective January 1, 2019. 

Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets 

Our goodwill represents the amount by which the
total purchase price paid exceeded the estimated fair value of net assets acquired from acquisition of subsidiaries. We test goodwill
for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances indicate that there may be impairment. 

Purchased intangible assets with finite life
are amortized on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of respective assets. Purchased intangible assets with indefinite
life are evaluated for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
recoverable. Purchased intangible asset consists of satellite system software and is amortized over 10 years. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

We utilize the three-level valuation hierarchy
for the recognition and disclosure of fair value measurements. The categorization of assets and liabilities within this hierarchy is
based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement of fair value. The three levels of the hierarchy consist
of the following: 

Level 1 - Inputs to the valuation methodology
are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the
measurement date. 

Level 2 - Inputs to the valuation methodology
are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are
observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the instrument. 

Level 3 - Inputs to the valuation methodology
are unobservable inputs based upon management s best estimate of inputs market participants could use in pricing the asset or liability
at the measurement date, including assumptions. 

The carrying amounts of our cash and restricted
cash, accounts receivable, other receivable, accounts payable, short-term loan and other payable approximated their fair value due to
the short-term nature of these financial instruments. Our long-term bonds payable, long-term loan and lease payable approximated
the carrying amount as its interest rate is considered as approximate to the current rate for comparable loans and leases, respectively.
There were no outstanding derivative financial instruments as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Revenue Recognition 

During 2019, we adopted the provisions of ASU
2014-09 Revenue from Contract with Customers (Topic 606) and the principal versus agent guidance within the new revenue standard. As
such, we identify a contract with a customer, identifies the performance obligations in the contract, determines the transaction price,
allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract and recognizes revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies
a performance obligation. Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was the sales of ground antenna units to a related party and
sales of network hardware to a non-related party. 

Research and Development Costs 

Research and development costs are charged to
operating expenses as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company incurred 0 and 0 of research and development
costs, respectively. 

55 

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are accounted for under the asset
and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases
of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable
to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period
plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Adjustments to prior period s income tax liabilities
are added to or deducted from the current period s tax provision. 

We follow FASB guidance on uncertain tax positions
and has analyzed its filing positions in all the federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns,
as well as all open tax years in those jurisdictions. We file income tax returns in the US federal, state and foreign jurisdictions where
it conducts business. It is not subject to income tax examinations by US federal, state and local tax authorities for years before 2016.
We believe that its income tax filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that
will result in a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Therefore, no
reserves for uncertain tax positions have been recorded. We do not expect unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the
next twelve months. 

Our policy for recording interest and penalties
associated with any uncertain tax positions is to record such items as a component of income before taxes. Penalties and interest paid
or received, if any, are recorded as part of other operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Foreign Currency Transactions 

Foreign currency transactions are recorded in
U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect when the transactions occur. Exchange gains or losses derived from foreign currency transactions
or monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized in current income. At the end of each period, assets
and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are revalued at the prevailing exchange rates with the resulting gains or losses recognized
in income for the period. 

Translation Adjustments 

If a foreign subsidiary s functional currency
is the local currency, translation adjustments will result from the process of translating the subsidiary s financial statements
into the reporting currency of the Company. Such adjustments are accumulated and reported under other comprehensive income (loss) as
a separate component of stockholders equity. 

Earnings (Loss) Per Share 

Basic earnings (loss) per share is computed by
dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of
common outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding
if the potentially dilutive securities had been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include stock warrants and outstanding stock
options, shares to be purchased by employees under our employee stock purchase plan. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Simplifying the Accounting for Debt with Conversion
and Other Options. 

In June 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 to
simplify the accounting in ASC 470, Debt with Conversion and Other Options and ASC 815, Contracts in Equity s Own Entity. The guidance
simplifies the current guidance for convertible instruments and the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity s own
equity. Additionally, the amendments affect the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for
convertible instruments. This ASU will be effective beginning in the first quarter of the Company s fiscal year 2022. Early adoption
is permitted. The amendments in this update must be applied on either full retrospective basis or modified retrospective basis through
a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings/(deficit) in the period of adoption. We are currently evaluating the impact of ASU
2020-06 on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the timing of adoption. 

Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
to simplify the accounting in ASC 740, Income Taxes. This guidance removes certain exceptions related to the approach for intra-period
tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period, and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for
outside basis differences. This guidance also clarifies and simplifies other areas of ASC 740. This ASU will be effective beginning in
the first quarter of the Company s fiscal year 2021. Early adoption is permitted. Certain amendments in this update must be applied
on a prospective basis, certain amendments must be applied on a retrospective basis, and certain amendments must be applied on a modified
retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings/(deficit) in the period of adoption. We are currently
evaluating the impact this ASU will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the timing of adoption. 

56 

Financial Instruments 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13,
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ),
which modifies the measurement of expected credit losses of certain financial instruments. In February 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
and delayed the effective date of Topic 326 until fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting ASU 2016-13 on our consolidated financial statements. 

Intangibles 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU No. 2017-04,
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, under which goodwill shall
be tested at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as a reporting unit. ASU 2017-04 will be effective for
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 as of December 31, 2020 and the adoption does not have
significant impact on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
 DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The full text of our audited financial statements as of December 31,
2021 and 2020 begins on page F-1 of this annual report. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
 WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange
Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2021. Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer determined that, because
of the material weakness described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting refers
to the process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer,
and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

(2) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management
 and directors; and 

(3) 
 provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
 effect on the financial statements. 

Our management evaluated the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this evaluation, management used the framework established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. The
COSO framework summarizes each of the components of a company s internal control system, including (i) the control environment,
(ii) risk assessment, (iii) control activities, (iv) information and communication, and (v) monitoring. Based on our evaluation, we determined
that, as of December 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the following material weakness: 

We do not have sufficient
 and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level of technical accounting knowledge and experience in the application of
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. To mitigate
 the current limited resources and limited employees, we rely heavily on the use of external legal and accounting professionals. 

57 

In order to cure the foregoing material
weakness, we have taken or plan to take the following remediation measures 

We intend to hire additional
 personnel with technical accounting expertise to further support our current accounting personnel. As necessary, we will continue
 to engage consultants or outside accounting firms in order to ensure proper accounting for our consolidated financial statements. 

We intend to complete the remediation of the
material weakness discussed above as soon as practicable but we can give no assurance that we will be able to do so. Designing and implementing
an effective disclosure controls and procedures is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business
and the economic and regulatory environments and to devote significant resources to maintain a financial reporting system that adequately
satisfies our reporting obligations. The remedial measures that we have taken and intend to take may not fully address the material weakness
that we have identified, and material weaknesses in our disclosure controls and procedures may be identified in the future. Should we
discover such conditions, we intend to remediate them as soon as practicable. We are committed to taking appropriate steps for remediation,
as needed. 

All internal control systems, no matter how well
designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

We regularly review our system of internal control
over financial reporting and make changes to our processes and systems to improve controls and increase efficiency, while ensuring that
we maintain an effective internal control environment. Changes may include such activities as implementing new, more efficient systems,
consolidating activities, and migrating processes. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

We have no information to disclose that was required
to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021 but was not reported. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

58 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following sets forth information about our
directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeffrey Wun 
 
 57 
 
 President
 and Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Y. Tristan Kuo 
 
 67 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Georges Caldironi 
 
 65 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Richmond Akumiah 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Raymond Choy 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Colin Lim 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Jan-Yung Lin 
 
 61 
 
 Secretary
 and Director 

Jeffrey Wun . Mr. Wun has served
as our President since December 31, 2017 and was appointed as our Chief Technology Officer by our board of directors on March 22, 2020.
He served as our Chief Executive Officer from December 31, 2017 to March 22, 2020. Mr. Wun has been a member of our board of directors
since the closing of the reverse acquisition of Aircom on February 13, 2017 and served as our Chairman of the board of directors from
January 22, 2018 to March 22, 2020. Mr. Wun also currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Joint Venture. Mr. Wun previously
served as our President, Treasurer and Secretary from December 2016 to February 2017. Mr. Wun has served as Aircom s Chief Technology
Officer since December 2014. Mr. Wun is a technologist with more than 25 years of experience in the communications industry. Prior to
joining Aircom Mr. Wun served as Senior Staff Engineer at Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. from December 2012 to May 2015. Prior to that,
Mr. Wun was a Senior System Engineer at MediaTEK USA Inc. from November 2010 to December 2012 and served as Chief Executive Officer at
Kairos System Inc. from 2003 to 2010. Mr. Wun received a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry and Computer Science from Chinese University
of Hong Kong in 1988. 

Louis Giordimaina . Mr. Giordimaina
was appointed as our Chief Executive Officer by our board of directors on March 22, 2020 and was appointed as our Chainman by our board
of directors on October 7, 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Giordimaina served as Chief Operating Officer-Aviation of Aircom from May 25, 2018
until November 1, 2019, and of Aerkomm Malta from November 1, 2019 until March 22, 2020, the date of his being appointed as our Chief
Executive Officer by the Board. Mr. Giordimaina joined Aircom as a consultant in June 2017. Mr. Giordimaina is an experienced aviation
executive with more than 40 years of experience in airline executive management, operations, Maintenance and Repair Organizations (MROs),
aircraft purchasing from aircraft manufacturers, sales and leasing with major aircraft lessors. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Giordimaina
served as Chief Executive Officer of Air Malta in 2014, the national airline of Malta, as well as CEO of Lufthansa Technik Malta from
2002 to 2011. He joined Air Malta s engineering department in 1975 as an aircraft engineer where he occupied various positions
in Air Malta s engineering department with additional active roles in Air Malta relating to airline strategic planning, aircraft
purchasing and deliveries from Airbus Industrie, Boeing and British Aerospace, aircraft leasing from various international aircraft lessors
and aircraft contract negotiations. In 1994, he was appointed as the first Maltese Chief Engineer of Air Malta. Mr. Giordimaina was instrumental
in setting up Lufthansa Technik Malta, a Joint Venture between Lufthansa Technik and Air Malta, of which he was appointed Chief Executive
Officer and Director in 2002. In 2006, he spearheaded Lufthansa Technik Malta s expansion to become one of the major worldwide
MRO players, based in the centre of the Mediterranean. He occupied the position of CEO until September 2011, after which he remained
as member of the board of directors of that company until September 2013. He currently serves as a Director of GY Aviation Lease (Malta)
Ltd which provides aircraft financing and leasing. He also served as the General Manager, the Accountable Manager and a director of Hyperion
Aviation, where he worked from May 2016 to September 2017, managing a fleet of private jet aircraft; he served in similar capacities
at EuroJet Ltd., from January 2015 to April 2016; and he served for a number of years as a director of Tailwind Leasing Company and Peregrine
Aviation Leasing Company based in Shannon, Ireland. An aircraft engineer by profession, Mr. Giordimaina also obtained an Engineering
Business Management degree from Warwick University, UK. He is a Fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society. 

Y. Tristan Kuo . Mr. Kuo has served
as our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since April 10, 2017. Mr. Kuo has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Aircom
since May 2017. Mr. Kuo has more than 30 years of experience in accounting, financing and information systems for companies in the bio-pharmaceutical,
manufacturing, commodity trading and banking industries and has served in the capacities of CFO, CIO and Controller. Mr. Kuo has also
served as an independent director of Jowell Global Ltd. (Nasdaq: JWEL) since December 2020. Mr. Kuo also served as an independent director
of Oriental Culture Holdings Ltd. (Nasdaq: OCG) between October 2019 to December 2021. Mr. Kuo has served as the Vice President of Investor
Relations of Nutrastar International, Inc. (OTCPK: NUIN) between April 2016 and February 2020. Mr. Kuo also served as the Chief Financial
Officer of Success Holding Group International, Inc., a provider of personal improvement seminars, from August 2015 to April 2017. Prior
to that, he served as CFO/CIO Partner of Tatum, a management and advisory services firm, from December 2014 to August 2015, as an independent
board member and audit committee chairman of KBS Fashion Group Limited (NASDAQ: KBSF) from August 2014 to May 2015, and as the Chief
Financial Officer of Crown Bioscience, Inc. from June 2012 to November 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Kuo served as Chief Financial Officer
of China Biologic Products, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBPO), a Chinese biopharmaceutical company, from June 2008 to May 2012 and served as its Vice
President of Finance between September 2007 and May 2008. Prior to that, Mr. Kuo worked for the Noble Group in Hong Kong as the Senior
Business Analysis Manager from February through August 2007 and as the Controller, Vice President of Finance and CFO of Cuisine Solution,
Inc., a previously publicly traded company in Alexandria, Virginia, from December 2002 to January 2007. Mr. Kuo also served as the Vice
President of Information Systems for Zinc Corporation of America in Monaca, Pennsylvania from 2001 and 2002 and as Chief Information
Officer and Controller of Wise Metals Group in Baltimore, Maryland, from 1991 to 2001. Mr. Kuo received his Master s degree in
Accounting from The Ohio State University and Bachelor s degree in Economics from Soochow University, Taipei. 

59 

Georges Caldironi . Mr. Caldironi
was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer by our board of directors on March 22, 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Caldironi served as a Project
Director for Aircom beginning on January 1, 2019, on an independent contractor basis. Mr. Caldironi is an aviation professional
with 40 years of experience in aircraft modification, avionics communication and in-flight entertainment systems. Prior to joining
Aircom, Mr. Caldironi was employed by Airbus for 25 years, most recently as Technical Support Director in Airbus Business
and Government Division. During his career at Airbus, Mr. Caldironi managed and supervised various complex projects including, but not
limited to, aircraft upgrades. He is a specialist in system and cabin innovation (connectivity IFE), having carried out numerous
feasibility studies and associated design projects for numerous airlines and leasing companies. During his career, Mr. Caldironi has
prioritized ensuring cost efficiency and on time delivery in the successful completion of aviation projects. Mr. Caldironi received a
dipl me d tudes sup rieures techniques (DEST) in engineering from Conservatoire national des arts et
m tiers (CNAM) of Bordeaux in 1986. 

Raymond Choy. Mr. Raymond
Choy has served as a member of our Board since December 2017. Mr. Choy has served as a member of from the Board of Aircom since October
2017. Mr. Choy became a certified public accountant (CPA) in the state of California in 2006 and also received his chartered global management
accountant (CGMA) designation in 2013. Mr. Choy has provided accounting, consulting and advisory services to public and private companies
since July 2016 through his partnership with Beyond Century Consulting, LLC, a financial and business consulting company. Mr. Choy has
extensive experience auditing the financial statements and internal controls of public and private companies as a senior manager at Frazer,
LLP, a certified public accountant company, from July 2004 to June 2016. Mr. Choy received his bachelor s degree with in business
administration with accounting concentration and minor in computer information systems from California State Polytechnic University,
Pomona, in 2003. Mr. Choy was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his accounting background. 

Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu . Mr. Chih-Ming
(Albert) Hsu has served as a member of our Board since December 2017. Mr. Hsu has served as a member of Aircom s board since April
2017. Mr. Hsu was admitted to practice law in Taiwan as a corporate and business lawyer and as a patent attorney in 2002. Mr. Hsu is
the owner of Chascord Law Firm. Mr. Hsu has also been the chairman of the board of directors of Ejectt Inc., a Taiwanese publicly traded
company, since May 2019. Mr. Hsu previously served as the arbitrator mediator of the Chinese Arbitration Association, Taipei. In
addition, Mr. Hsu was the Chairman of Unitel High Technology Corporation, a listed company on the Taiwan over-the-counter market from
December 2015 to September 2016. Mr. Hsu received an LL.M. and Bachelor of Law degree from National Taiwan University in 2003 and
1997, respectively. Mr. Hsu is an expert of real estate securitization in Taiwan. 

Richmond Akumiah . Mr. Akumiah has
served as a member of our board of directors since September 2018. Mr. Akumiah is an engineering and financial management professional
with years of experience in decision support, budgeting, forecasting, credit analysis, cost accounting, mergers and acquisitions, quantitative
analysis, financial and operational analysis, strategic planning, and corporate development. Since September 2018, he has been employed
as a Senior Advisor, Investments and Operations by the State of New Jersey, Division of Investment, where he advises on the Division s
range of investment activities, and is on the Board of the New Jersey Culture Trust, as representative of the New Jersey State Treasurer.
From 2014 to 2018, Mr. Akumiah was a research consultant for WorldQuant LLC, a Greenwich, Connecticut-based investment management firm.
Prior to that, from 2009 to 2013, he was employed as a consultant for Wolters Kluwer. Prior to Wolters Kluwer, Mr. Akumiah was employed
in a number of positions in various financial management capacities, including at The Dun Bradstreet Corporation where he
spent a decade in leadership roles in Finance General Management. At AT T, he served as Director of Finance in the Business
Case Center of Excellence managing AT T s investments in IP (Internet Protocol) and Managed Services. Mr. Akumiah also served
as Chief Financial Officer of Hands On Network (Points of Light). Mr. Akumiah began his career in New York City with Marine Midland Bank
(HSBC). Mr. Akumiah is a member of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and the American Society of Civil Engineers. Mr. Akumiah
graduated from Harvard University with a BA in Engineering and holds an MBA in Finance from New York University, Leonard Stern School
of Business. Mr. Akumiah was selected to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his engineering and finance background. 

Colin Cheng Eam Lim . Mr. Lim has
served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017 and served as a member of Aircom s board from July 2015 to February
2017. In 2013, Mr. Lim founded Dynasty Media Entertainment Group, a movie production and distribution company and an investment
company with interests in a variety of businesses, including restaurants, wood and timber trading, exotic leather manufacturing, movie
productions, copyrights transaction and entertainment businesses, as well as hi-tech companies, and is the Managing Director who oversees
financing, investment and copyrights. Mr. Lim has served as Executive Chairman of Sunny Leather from June 2006 and is responsible for
general management. Mr. Lim has served as Executive Chairman of Anson International since March 2003 where he oversees investments. Mr.
Lim has served as Managing Director of Euroamerica International since December 1999 where he oversees management and trading operations
of the company. Mr. Lim s investment experience in the movie and copyright businesses has allowed us to better negotiate and acquire
sufficient movie copyrights and entertainment content to complement our business model. Mr. Lim graduated from New South Wales University
in Australia, where he received his degree in engineering and business. 

Jan-Yung Lin . Mr. Jan-Yung Lin
has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2017. Mr. Lin served as Aircom s President from June 2017 to February
2019, as Aircom s Chief Executive Officer from February 2015 to October 2016, as Aircom s Chief Operating Officer from September
2014 to February 2015, and as a director of Aircom since September 2014. Mr. Lin has practiced corporate and business law at Concorde
Law PC as a solo practitioner since 2012. Prior to that Mr. Lin was the General Counsel and Chief Financial Officer of EMG Properties,
Inc. in California. Prior to that Mr. Lin was a corporate associate of Goodwin Proctor LLP. Mr. Lin graduated magna cum laude from Cornell
Law School with a J.D. degree and an LL.M. degree in International and Comparative Law. Mr. Lin received an M.B.A. degree from the University
of California, Berkeley and a Bachelor s degree from the National Taiwan University. Mr. Lin was selected to serve as a member
of our board of directors due to his legal background. 

60 

Directors and executive officers are elected
until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Directors and executive officers are elected
until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

There are no arrangements or understandings known
to us pursuant to which any director was or is to be selected as a director (or director nominee) or executive officer. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our officers or directors. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors
or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 

been convicted in a criminal
 proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 

had any bankruptcy petition
 filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he
 was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state
 authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business,
 securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons
 engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of
 competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or
 state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

been the subject of, or
 a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any
 federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
 companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty
 or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
 fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

been the subject of, or
 a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined
 in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
 Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
 over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Board Composition and Committees 

Our board of directors is comprised of seven
members: Jeffrey Wun, Louis Giordimaina, Raymond Choy, Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu, Richmond Akumiah, Colin Lim and Jan-Yung Lin. Our board
of directors has determined that Messrs. Choy, Akumiah and Lim are independent directors as that term is defined in the rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market. Each of Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah are members of all of our standing committees. 

Our board of directors currently has four standing
committees which perform various duties on behalf of and report to the board of directors: (i) Audit Committee, (ii) Compensation Committee,
(iii) Nominating and Governance Committee and (iv) Regulatory, Compliance Government Affairs Committee. Each of the four standing
committees is comprised entirely of our independent directors. From time to time, the board of directors may establish other committees. 

Board Role in Risk Oversight 

Our board of directors plays an active role,
as a whole and also at the committee level, in overseeing management of our risks and strategic direction. Our board of directors regularly
reviews information regarding our liquidity and operations, as well as the risks associated with each. Our Audit Committee oversees the
process by which our senior management and relevant employees assess and manage our exposure to, and management of, financial risks.
Our Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements.
Our Nominating and Governance Committee also manages risks associated with the independence of members of our board of directors and
potential conflicts of interest. Our Regulatory, Compliance Government Affairs Committee oversees regulatory, compliance and governmental
matters that may impact the Company. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of
such risks, the entire board of directors is regularly informed about such risks. 

61 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee currently consists of Messrs.
Choy, Akumiah and Lim, with Mr. Choy serving as chairman. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Choy is an audit committee financial
expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K, and each member of our Audit Committee is able to read and understand fundamental
financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in such member s financial sophistication. 

Accordingly, our board of directors believes
that each member of our Audit Committee has sufficient knowledge and experience necessary to fulfill such member s duties and obligations
on our Audit Committee. The primary purposes of our Audit Committee are to assist our board of directors in fulfilling its responsibility
to oversee the accounting and financial reporting processes of our company and audits of our financial statements, including (i) reviewing
the scope of the audit and all non-audit services to be performed by our independent accountant and the fees incurred by us in connection
therewith, (ii) reviewing the results of such audit, including the independent accountant s opinion and letter of comment to management
and management s response thereto, (iii) reviewing with our independent accountants our internal accounting principles, policies
and practices and financial reporting, (iv) engaging our independent accountants and (v) reviewing our quarterly and annual financial
statements prior to public issuance. The role and responsibilities of our Audit Committee are more fully set forth in a written Charter
adopted by our board of directors on June 6, 2017, which is available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

Compensation Committee 

Our board of directors established our Compensation
Committee effective as of January 22, 2018, appointing Messrs. Busuttil, Choy and Lim as members, with Mr. Lim serving as chairman of
this committee. On February 16, 2020, our board of directors voted to add Mr. Akumiah to this committee. On October 4, 2021, Mr. Busuttil
resigned from his positions as a member and chairman of the board of directors (the Board of the Company. Messrs. Choy,
Lim and Akumiah are the current members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee is structured as follows: The primary
purpose of our Compensation Committee is to assist our board of directors in fulfilling its responsibility to determine the compensation
of our executive officers and to approve and evaluate the compensation policies and programs of our company, including (i) reviewing
the compensation packages of executive officers and making recommendations to our board of directors for said compensation packages,
(ii) reviewing and approving proposed stock incentive grants and (iii) providing our board of directors with recommendations regarding
bonus plans, if any. The role and responsibilities of our Compensation Committee are more fully set forth in a written Charter adopted
by our board of directors and made available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

The policies underlying our Compensation Committee s
compensation decisions are designed to attract and retain the best-qualified management personnel available. We routinely compensate
our executive officers through salaries. At our discretion, we may reward executive officers and employees through bonus programs based
on profitability and other objectively measurable performance factors. Additionally, we use stock options and other incentive awards
to compensate our executives and other key employees to align the interests of our executive officers with the interests of our stockholders.
In establishing executive compensation, our Compensation Committee will evaluate compensation paid to similar officers employed at other
companies of similar size in the same industry and the individual performance of each officer as it impacts our overall performance with
particular focus on an individual s contribution to the realization of operating profits and the achievement of strategic business
goals. Our Compensation Committee will further attempt to rationalize a particular executive s compensation with that of other
executive officers of our company in an effort to distribute compensation fairly among the executive officers. Although the components
of executive compensation (salary, bonus and incentive grants) will be reviewed separately, compensation decisions will be made based
on a review of total compensation. 

Nominating and Governance Committee 

Our board of directors established our Nominating
and Governance Committee effective January 22, 2018, appointing Messrs. Busuttil, Choy and Lim as members, with Mr. Busuttil serving
as chairman of this committee. On February 16, 2020, our board of directors voted to add Mr. Akumiah to this committee. On October 4,
2021, Mr. Busuttil resigned from his positions as a member and chairman of the board of directors (the Board of the Company.
Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah are the current members of the Compensation Committee with Mr. Akumiah serves as the chairman. The Nominating
and Governance Committee is structured as follows: The primary purposes of our Nominating and Governance Committee are to (i) identify
individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors and recommend to our board of directors the nominees for the next annual
meeting of our stockholders and candidates to fill vacancies on our board of directors, (ii) recommend to our board of directors the
directors to be appointed to committees of our board of directors and (iii) oversee the effectiveness of our corporate governance in
accordance with regulatory guidelines and any other guidelines we establish, including evaluations of members of executive management,
our board of directors and its committees. The role and responsibilities of our Nominating and Governance Committee are more fully set
forth in a written Charter adopted by our board of directors and made available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

Our Nominating and Governance Committee s
methods for identifying candidates for election to our board of directors (other than those proposed by our stockholders, as discussed
below) includes the solicitation of ideas for possible candidates from a number of sources - members of our board of directors, our executives,
individuals personally known to the members of our board of directors, and other researches. Our Nominating and Governance Committee
may also, from time-to-time, retain one or more third-party search firms to identify suitable candidates. 

62 

A stockholder of our company may nominate one
or more persons for election as a director at an annual meeting of stockholders if the stockholder complies with the notice, information
and consent provisions contained in our Bylaws. In addition, the notice must be made in writing and set forth as to each proposed nominee
who is not an incumbent Director (i) their name, age, business address and, if known, residence address, (ii) their principal occupation
or employment, (iii) the number of shares of stock of our company beneficially owned, (iv) a description of all arrangements or understandings
between the stockholder and each nominee and any other person pursuant to which the nominations are to be made and (v) any other information
concerning the nominee that must be disclosed respecting nominees in proxy solicitations pursuant to Rule 14(a) of the Exchange Act.
The recommendation should be addressed to our Secretary. 

Among other matters, our governance and nominating
committee will: 

Review the desired experience,
 mix of skills and other qualities to assure appropriate board composition, taking into account the current members of our board of
 directors and the specific needs of our company and our board of directors; 

Conduct candidate searches,
 interviews prospective candidates and conducts programs to introduce candidates to our management and operations, and confirms the
 appropriate level of interest of such candidates; 

Recommend qualified candidates
 who bring the background, knowledge, experience, independence, skill sets and expertise that would strengthen and increase the diversity
 of our board of directors; and 

Conduct appropriate inquiries
 into the background and qualifications of potential nominees. 

Regulatory, Compliance Government Affairs Committee 

Our regulatory, compliance government affairs
committee currently consists of Messrs. Choy, Lim and Akumiah, with Mr. Akumiah serving as chairman. Mr. Lim joined this committee on
February 16, 2020. The primary purposes of our regulatory, compliance government affairs committee are to assist our board of directors
by providing oversight of regulatory, compliance and governmental matters that may impact the Company, which including (i) overseeing
our major compliance programs with respect to legal and regulatory requirements, except with respect to matters of financial compliance,
(ii) overseeing compliance with any ongoing Corporate Integrity Agreements or similar undertakings by us with the U.S. Department of
Justice, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other government agency, (iii) reviewing with our Chief Compliance Officer the
organization, implementation and effectiveness of our compliance programs and the adequacy of the resources for those programs, (iv)
reviewing with our Chief Executive Officer the organization, implementation and effectiveness of our quality and compliance programs
and the adequacy of the resources for those programs and (v) overseeing our exposure to risks relating to regulatory compliance matters.
The role and responsibilities of our regulatory, compliance government affairs committee are more fully set forth in a written
charter adopted by our board of directors on September 25, 2018, which is available on our website at www.aerkomm.com. 

Stockholder Communications with the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has established a process
for stockholders to communicate with the board of directors or with individual directors. Stockholders who wish to communicate with our
board of directors or with individual directors should direct written correspondence to our Corporate Secretary at Aerkomm Inc., 44043
Fremont Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. 

The Corporate Secretary will forward such communications
to our board of directors or the specified individual director to whom the communication is directed unless such communication is unduly
hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly inappropriate, in which case the Corporate Secretary has the authority to discard the communication
or to take appropriate legal action regarding such communication. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer. We have also adopted a code of professional conduct that applies specifically to our chief executive officer and
our senior financial officers. These codes address, among other things, honesty and ethical conduct, conflicts of interest, compliance
with laws, regulations and policies, including disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws, and reporting of violations
of the codes. 

We are required to disclose any amendment to,
or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller, or persons performing similar functions. We intend to use our website as a method of disseminating this
disclosure, as permitted by applicable SEC rules. Any such disclosure will be posted to our website within four business days following
the date of any such amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our code of ethics. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding common stock, to file with the SEC, initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our equity securities. Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish
us with copies of all such reports they file. 

To our knowledge and except as otherwise indicated
below, based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us regarding the filing of required reports, we believe that
all Section 16(a) reports applicable to our directors, executive officers and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners with respect
to the reporting period ended December 31, 2021 were timely filed. One of our greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners may be late
in filing a Form 5 update report. 

63 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table - Fiscal Years
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

The following table sets forth information concerning
all cash and non-cash compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the named persons for services rendered in all capacities during
the noted periods. No other executive officers received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of 100,000. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Louis Giordimaina, Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2021 
 565,588 
 547,601 
 96,016 
 1,141,297 

2020 
 456,855 
 275,315 
 29,342 
 761,512 
 
 Y. Tristan Kuo, CFO (3) 
 2021 
 185,000 
 - 
 - 
 185,000 

2020 
 185,000 
 103,245 
 - 
 288,245 
 
 Georges Caldironi 
 2021 
 214,021 
 26,238 
 - 
 240,259 

2020 
 208,057 
 137,713 
 - 
 346,770 
 
 Jeffrey Wun, President and Chief Technology Officer (5) 
 2021 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 160,000 

2020 
 160,000 
 89,296 
 - 
 249,296 
 
 Jan-Yung Lin, Secretary and Director (6) 
 2021 
 120,000 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 

2020 
 120,000 
 66,967 
 - 
 186,967 

(1) These amounts shown represent the aggregate
 grant date fair value for options granted to the named executive officers computed in accordance
 with FASB ASC Topic 718. 

(2) Mr. Giordimaina, a former consultant to us,
 became a full-time employee on May 25, 2018 and was appointed, as of that date, Chief Operating
 Officer Aviation. On March 22, 2020, Mr. Giordimaina was appointed as our Chief Executive
 Officer. 

(3) Mr. Kuo has served as our Chief Financial
 Officer since April 10, 2017. 

(4) Mr. Caldironi, a former consultant to us,
 became a full-time employee and was appointed as our Chief Operating Officer on March 22,
 2020. The option awards were granted to AA Twins, which is controlled by Mr. Caldironi, according
 to the consulting agreement. 

(5) Mr. Wun has served as our President since
 December 31, 2017 and as our Chief Executive Officer from December 31, 2017 to March 22,
 2020. He also currently serves as the Chief Technology Officer of Aircom and was appointed
 as our Chief Technology Officer on March 22, 2020. 

(6) Mr. Lin has served as our Secretary and Director
 since February 2017. 

Employment Agreements 

Louis Giordimaina 

On May 25, 2018, Aircom Pacific, Inc. entered
into an employment agreement with Mr. Giordimaina, effective January 1, 2018, pursuant to which Mr. Giordimaina was hired to serve as
Aircom s European representative. In accordance with the terms of this agreement, as of November 1, 2019, the date of organization
of Aerkomm Malta, Mr. Giordimaina officially became an employee of Aerkomm Malta. Until such time as we enter into a separate, executive
employment agreement relating to Mr. Giordimaina s position with us as our Chief Executive Officer, the operative provisions of
Mr. Giordimaina s agreement with Aircom/Aerkomm Malta relating to compensation and benefits shall apply. Pursuant to the terms
of his employment agreement, we agreed to pay Mr. Giordimaina an annual salary of 398,000, or 425,064. A bonus will be considered,
comparable to those that may be offered to other executives once a satisfactory revenue stream is established at Aircom as a result of
Mr. Giordimaina s efforts. Mr. Giordimaina was granted an option to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock,
vesting annually in three equal installments on each anniversary of his employment start date equally provided that he is still employed
by the Company on the date of vesting. We will cover and pay any premium up to a maximum of 2,500, or 2,830, per annum for any
international private health insurance which Mr. Giordimaina may have in place from time to time covering Mr. Giordimaina and his wife;
we will recommend board approval for life insurance coverage for Mr. Giordimaina comparable with other executives of Aircom, commencing
in 2018; we will pay Mr. Giordimaina the sum of 6,000, or 6,408, per year to any private pension fund scheme/s designated by Mr.
Giordimaina, we will pay Mr. Giordimaina 18,000, or 19,224, per annum as an allowance for a leased car and fuel expenses, to be
paid in equal monthly instalments, we will provide Mr. Giordimaina with a mobile telephone for his business use, as well as a lap top
computer and an iPad, and we will reimburse Mr. Giordimaina for all actual, necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by him in the
course of his performance of services for the Company. The employment agreement contains customary confidentiality provisions and covenants
prohibiting Mr. Giordimaina from competing with us during his employment, and from soliciting any of our employees or consultants for
a period of one year after his employment end. If Mr. Giordimaina s employment is terminated by us without cause, he shall be entitled
to one-half of his full salary for the remainder of the initial three-year term of his agreement. 

64 

Y. Tristan Kuo 

On March 31, 2017, we entered into an employment
agreement with Mr. Kuo, effective April 10, 2017, pursuant to which we agreed to pay Mr. Kuo an annual salary of 100,000, plus a guaranteed
bonus of 85,000 payable on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of Mr. Kuo s employment or (ii) upon closing of an equity
or equity linked financing in which we or one of our subsidiaries raises at least 15 million. Mr. Kuo will also be entitled to an annual
bonus as recommended by our Chief Executive Officer and approved by our board of directors. In addition, we agreed to grant Mr. Kuo an
option to purchase 60,000 shares of our common stock, with one quarter of the shares underlying the option to be vested immediately and
the remaining shares to be vested equally over three years on each anniversary of Mr. Kuo s employment. In addition, during the
first nine months of Mr. Kuo s employment or until he relocates, if earlier, we also agreed to provide a furnished living accommodation,
a car allowance of 400 per month, and a personal travel allowance of 600 per month for Mr. Kuo to visit his spouse or vice versa. We
also agreed to pay up to 6,000 in relocation expenses, should Mr. Kuo decide to relocate. We will also be responsible for medical insurance
under our medical plan or we will reimburse the premium of a medical plan that is comparable to the medical plan offered to other employees.
Mr. Kuo will also be eligible to participate in other standard benefits plans offered to similarly situated employees by us from time
to time. The employment agreement contains customary confidentiality provisions and covenants prohibiting Mr. Kuo from competing with
us during his employment, or from soliciting any of our employees or consultants for a period of two years after his employment end.
The employment agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon 30 days notice. If Mr. Kuo s employment is
terminated by us without cause, the portion of stock options to be vested for the year if completed shall be vested immediately. 

Outstanding Equity Awards Fiscal Year Ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020 

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Mr. Kuo had
options outstanding and exercisable for 196,350 and 150,000 shares of our common stock, at an average exercise price of 11.51 and 13.38
per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Mr. Wun had options outstanding and exercisable for 23,141 and 7,500 shares
of our common stock at an average exercise price of 9.66 and 13.38 per share, respectively. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020, Mr. Giordimaina had options outstanding and exercisable for 291,099 and 42,500 shares of our common stock at an average exercise
price of 6.21 and 11.74 per share. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, Mr. Caldironi had options outstanding and exercisable for 24,676
and 2,000 shares of our common stock at an average exercise price of 8.82 and 14.20 per share, respectively. As of December 31,
2021 and 2020, Mr. Lin had options outstanding and exercisable for 19,605 and 7,500 shares of our common stock at an average exercise
price of 10.33 and 14.48 per share, respectively. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Un-exercisable 

Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Awards: 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Unearned 
 Options (#) 

Option 
 Exercise Price ) 

Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 December 31, 2021 

18,750 

- 

- 

2.72 

12/01/2031 

December 31, 2021 

150,000 

- 

- 

3.89 

10/21/2031 

December 31, 2021 

18,750 

- 

- 

4.12 

09/01/2031 

December 31, 2021 

43,599 

- 

- 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2021 

30,000 

- 

- 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2021 

30,000 

- 

- 

20.50 

05/25/2028 

December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

43,599 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2020 

22,500 

- 

7,500 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2020 

20,000 

- 

10,000 

20.50 

05/25/2028 
 
 Y. Tristan Kuo 
 
 December 31, 2021 

16,350 

- 

- 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2021 

120,000 

- 

- 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2021 

60,000 

- 

- 

27.50 

06/23/2027 

December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

16,350 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2020 

90,000 

30,000 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2020 

60,000 

- 

- 

27.50 

06/23/2027 
 
 Georges Caldironi 
 
 December 31, 2021 

2,000 

- 

- 

9.90 

12/31/2031 

December 31, 2021 

2,000 

- 

- 

7.25 

12/29/2030 

December 31, 2021 

18,676 

- 

- 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2021 

2,000 

- 

- 

14.20 

02/29/2030 

December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

18,676 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2020 

2,000 

- 

- 

14.20 

02/29/2030 
 
 Jeffrey Wun 
 
 December 31, 2021 

14,141 

- 

- 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2021 

6,000 

- 

- 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2021 

3,000 

- 

- 

27.50 

06/23/2027 

December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

14,141 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2020 

4,500 

- 

1,500 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2020 

3,000 

- 

- 

27.50 

06/23/2027 
 
 Jan-Yung Lin 
 
 December 31, 2021 

10,605 

- 

- 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2021 

6,000 

- 

- 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2021 

3,000 

- 

- 

30.25 

06/23/2022 

December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

10,605 

8.30 

12/11/2030 

December 31, 2020 

4,500 

- 

1,500 

3.96 

07/02/2029 

December 31, 2020 

3,000 

- 

- 

30.25 

06/23/2022 

65 

Director Compensation 

Directors who are also our employees receive
no separate compensation for serving as directors or as members of committees of our board of directors. 

We have entered into independent director agreements
with Richmond Akumiah, Raymond Choy and Colin Lim. Under the terms of these independent director agreements, we have agreed to pay the
independent directors an annual cash fee of 20,000, paid quarterly in four equal installments, commencing in the first quarter following
closing of our public offering, and an additional 5,000 cash compensation fee for serving as board of directors committee chairmen.
We commenced payment of these fees on September 30, 2018. 

Each independent director received an initial,
fully vested stock option to purchase 4,000 shares of our common stock. If the director is still a member of the board of directors and
continues to serve as a non-employee director immediately following each annual meeting of our stockholders, the director will be automatically
granted an additional option to purchase 4,000 shares of our common stock as of the date of each such annual meeting. These additional
option grants will vest and become exercisable in twelve (12) equal monthly installments over the first year following the date of grant,
subject to the director continuing in service on the board of directors through each such vesting date. The per share exercise price
of each option granted to the independent director will equal 100 of the fair market value (as defined by the board of directors) of
a share of our common stock on the date the option is granted, and the term of each stock option granted to the director will be ten
(10) years from the date of grant. 

We purchased a Directors and Officers Liability
Insurance with coverage up to an aggregate maximum of 3 million commencing promptly upon the final closing of our prior public offering,
and to reimburse the independent directors for pre-approved reasonable business expenses incurred by them. In November 2019, with the
approval of the board, we purchased a directors and officers liability insurance with 5 million coverage effective November 25, 2019. 
In November 2020, we renewed and increased the Directors and Officers Liability Insurance with 10 million coverage effective November
25, 2020 and subsequently reduced the coverage to 6 million to conserve expenses. In December 2021, we decided not to renew this coverage,
to further reduce our insurance expenses, and this policy has been terminated. 

66 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth information regarding
beneficial ownership of our common stock as of July 1, 2022 (i) by each person who is known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of
our common stock; (ii) by each of our officers and directors; and (iii) by all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise
specified, the address of each of the persons set forth below is in care of our company, 44043 Fremont Blvd., Fremont, CA 94538. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and 
Nature of 
Beneficial 
Ownership (1) 

Percent of 
Class (2) 

Jeffrey Wun, Chairman, President and Chief Technology Officer (3) 
 
 Common Stock 

2,708,055 

27.37 

Louis Giordimaina, Chief Executive Officer and Director (4) 
 
 Common Stock 

309,849 

3.13 

Y. Tristan Kuo, Chief Financial Officer (5) 
 
 Common Stock 

196,350 

1.98 

Georges Caldironi, Chief Operating Officer (6) 
 
 Common Stock 

24,676 

Richmond Akumiah, Director (7) 
 
 Common Stock 

21,875 

Raymond Choy, Director (8) 
 
 Common Stock 

28,875 

Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu, Director (9) 
 
 Common Stock 

31,312 

Colin Lim, Director (10) 
 
 Common Stock 

115,455 

1.17 

Jan-Yung Lin, Secretary and Director (11) 
 
 Common Stock 

482,008 

4.87 

All officers and directors as a group (10 persons named above) 
 
 Common Stock 

3,918,455 

39.61 

Dmedia Holding LP (12) 
 
 Common Stock 

2,237,428 

22.62 

Sheng-Chun Chang (13) 
 
 Common Stock 

1,247,533 

12.61 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock. 

(2) 
 A total of 9,893,137 shares of our common stock are considered to be outstanding pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1) as of July 1, 2022. For each beneficial owner above, any options exercisable within 60 days have been included in the denominator. 

(3) 
 Includes (i) 447,486 shares of our common stock held directly; (ii) 23,141 shares of our common stock which Mr. Wun has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options; and (iii) 2,237,428 shares of our common stock owned by Dmedia Holding LP. On December 20, 2017, Mr. Wun purchased an 85.7 interest in, and was appointed Manager of, Dmedia LLC, the General Partner of Dmedia Holding LP. As such, Mr. Wun is deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 2,237,428 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding LP by virtue of his voting and dispositive power of those shares. Through his ownership interest in Dmedia LLC, which owns an approximately 6 direct interest in Dmedia Holding LP, Mr. Wun indirectly beneficially owns 117,601 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding LP. Mr. Wun disclaims beneficial ownership of the remaining 2,119,827 shares of our common stock held by Dmedia Holding LP. 

(4) 
 Consists of 309,849 shares of our common stock which Mr. Giordimaina has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(5) 
 Consists of 196,350 shares of our common stock which Mr. Kuo has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(6) 
 Consists of 18,676 shares held directly and 6,000 shares of common stock which AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. Mr. Caldironi is the principal of AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD and has voting and dispositive control of the securities held by AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD. 

(7) 
 Consists of 21,875 shares of our common stock which Mr. Akumiah has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not include 334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

(8) 
 Consists of 28,875 shares of our common stock which Mr. Choy has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not include 1,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

67 

(9) 
 Represents (i) 3,312 shares of our common stock held directly by Mr. Hsu and (ii) 28,000 shares of our common stock which Mr. Hsu has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. 

(10) 
 Consists of 115,455 shares of our common stock which Mr. Lim has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options but does not include 1,334 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of options not exercisable within 60 days. 

(11) 
 Includes 462,403 shares of our common stock owned by Mr. Lin directly and 19,605 shares of our common stock which Mr. Lin has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested options. Does not include 959,230 shares of our common stock owned by Mr. Lin through his approximately 7 ownership interest in Dmedia LLC and his approximately 42.4 interest Dmedia Holding LP, as Mr. Lin does not, directly or indirectly, have voting or dispositive power over these shares although he does own a pecuniary interest in them. 

(12) 
 Mr. Wun has sole voting and dispositive power over these shares of our common stock although he disclaims beneficial ownership of 2,237,428 of these shares. Mr. Lin owns a pecuniary interest in 959,230 of these shares although he does not exercise voting or dispositive control over them. 

(13) 
 Consists of (i) 881,500 shares of common stock held by Well Thrive Limited; (ii) 293,281 shares of our common stock owned directly by Mr. Sheng-Chun Chang; and (iii) 72,752 of our common stock which Mr. Chang has the right to acquire within 60 days through the exercise of vested warrants (but does not include 451,127 shares of our common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants not exercisable within 60 days). Mr. Chang is the Chief Executive Officer and owner of Well Thrive Limited and has voting and dispositive power of the securities held by it. Mr. Chang disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Well Thrive Limited. The address of Well Thrive Limited is No 79, Heng Yang Road, Taipei City, Taiwan. 

Changes in Control 

We do not currently have any arrangements which
if consummated may result in a change of control of our company. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain information
about the securities authorized for issuance under our incentive plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,921,327 
 10.1283 
 1,076,294 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,921,327 
 10.1283 
 1,076,294 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

On May 5, 2017, we established our 2017 Equity
Incentive Plan the Plan ). The Plan was approved by our board of directors on May 5, 2017, and an amendment to increase
the number of shares of our common stock available for grant under the Plan was approved by the board of directors on June 26, 2017. The
Plan was approved by our stockholders at our annual meeting in 2018. The purpose of the Plan is to grant stock and options to purchase
our common stock to our employees, directors and key consultants. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued pursuant
to awards granted under the Plan, as amended, is 2,000,000 shares. On October 21, 2021, the Board of Directors voted to increase the number
of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to 2,400,000 shares. Cancelled and forfeited stock options
and stock awards may again become available for grant under the Plan. There were 1,147,753 shares available for grant under the Plan as
of July 1, 2022; 1,248,309 shares of our common stock are issuable upon the exercise of options to be issued under the Plan to holders
of Aircom options assumed by us as a result of the closing of the reverse acquisition with Aircom; and options exercisable for 707,400
shares of our common stock have been approved by our board of directors for grants to certain of our officers, directors, employees and
service providers. 

68 

The following summary briefly describes the principal
features of the Plan and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Plan. 

Administration . The Plan is administered
by our Compensation Committee. Our Compensation Committee has the authority to select the eligible participants to whom awards will be
granted, to determine the types of awards and the number of shares covered and to set the terms, conditions and provisions of such awards,
to cancel or suspend awards under certain conditions, and to accelerate the exercisability of awards. Our Compensation Committee is authorized
to interpret the Plan, to establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, to determine the terms of agreements
entered into with recipients under the Plan, and to make all other determinations that may be necessary or advisable for the administration
of the Plan. 

Eligibility . All employees, directors
and individuals providing services to our company or its subsidiaries are eligible to participate in the Plan. 

Shares Subject to Plan . The number of
shares of common stock that is available for grant of awards under the Plan, as amended, is 2,000,000 shares. 

Stock Option and SAR Grants . The exercise
price per share of common stock purchasable under any stock option or stock appreciation right, or SAR, will be determined by our Compensation
Committee, but cannot in any event be less than 100 of the fair market value of our common stock on the date the option is granted.
Our Compensation Committee will determine the term of each stock option or SAR (subject to a maximum of 10 years) and each stock option
or SAR will be exercisable pursuant to a vesting schedule determined by our Compensation Committee. The grants and the terms of incentive
stock options, or ISOs, shall be restricted to the extent required for qualification as ISOs by the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code.
Subject to approval of our Compensation Committee, stock options or SARs may be exercised by payment of the exercise price in cash, shares
of our common stock, which have been held for at least six months, or pursuant to a cashless exercise through a broker-dealer
under an arrangement approved by us. We may require the grantee to pay to us any applicable withholding taxes that we are required to
withhold with respect to the grant or exercise of any award. The withholding tax may be paid in cash or, subject to applicable law, our
Compensation Committee may permit the grantee to satisfy such obligations by the withholding or delivery of shares of our common stock.
We may withhold from any shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to a stock option or SAR or from any cash amounts otherwise due
from us to the recipient of the award an amount equal to such taxes. 

Stock Grants . Shares may be sold or awarded
for consideration and with or without restriction as determined by the Compensation Committee, including cash, full-recourse promissory
notes, as well as past and future services. Any award of shares will be subject to the vesting schedule, if any, determined by the Compensation
Committee. In general, holders of shares sold or awarded under the Plan will have the same voting, dividend and other rights as our other
stockholders. As a condition to the purchase of shares under the Plan, the purchaser will make such arrangements as our Compensation
Committee may require for the satisfaction of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding tax obligations that may arise in connection
with such purchase. 

Adjustments . In the event of any change
affecting the shares of our common stock by reason of any stock dividend or split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off,
combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distribution to stockholders other than cash dividends, our
board of directors will make such substitution or adjustment in the aggregate number of shares that may be distributed under the Plan
and in the number and option price (or exercise or purchase price, if applicable) as it deems to be appropriate in order to maintain
the purpose of the original grant. 

Termination of Service . If a participant s
service to our company terminates on account of death or disability, then the participant s unexercised options, if exercisable
immediately before the participant s death, disability or retirement, may be exercised in whole or in part, on the earlier of the
date on which such stock option would otherwise expire or one year after the event. If a participant s service to us terminates
for any other reason, then the participant s unexercised options, to the extent exercisable immediately before such termination,
will remain exercisable, and may be exercised in whole or in part, for a period ending on the earlier of the date on which such stock
option would otherwise expire or three months after such termination of service. 

Amendment and Termination . Our board of
directors may, at any time, alter, amend, suspend, discontinue, or terminate the Plan; provided that such action shall not adversely
affect the right of grantees to stock awards or stock options previously granted and no amendment, without the approval of our stockholders,
shall increase the maximum number of shares which may be awarded under the Plan in the aggregate, materially increase the benefits accruing
to grantees under the Plan, change the class of employees eligible to receive options under the Plan, or materially modify the eligibility
requirements for participation in the Plan. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following includes a summary of transactions
since the beginning of the 2019 fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or are to be a participant and the
amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than compensation
described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable,
in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received,
as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

Our board of directors conducts an appropriate
review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict of interest situations where
appropriate. Our board of directors has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any related party
transaction. However, our board of directors generally reviews related party transactions to ensure that they are fair and reasonable
to our company and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same goods
and/or services at the time they are authorized by our board of directors. 

69 

On January 1, 2019, Aircom entered into an independent
contractor agreement with AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD, or the consulting company, pursuant to which the consulting company agreed to provide
services to Aircom relating to establishing a strategy for promoting Aircom s products to various airlines. Aircom agreed to pay
the consulting company the sum of 15,120, or 16,148, per month for a period of 24 months and granted the Consulting company an
option to purchase 2,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 14.20 per share. Georges Caldironi, who
was appointed the Company s Chief Operating Officer on March 22, 2020, is the principal of AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD. The Company
expects to cancel the agreement with AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD and to enter into an agreement directly with Mr. Caldironi in the near future. 

In May 2019, two of our shareholders (the Lenders each committed to provide to us a 10 million bridge loan (together, the Loans for an aggregate principal amount of 20
million, to bridge our cash flow needs prior to its obtaining a mortgage loan to be secured by a parcel of land (the Land we purchased in Taiwan. The Lenders also agreed to an earlier closing of up to 25 of the principal amounts of the Loans upon our request
prior to the time that title to the Land is vested in the subsidiary, Aerkomm Taiwan, to pay the outstanding payable to our vendors. On
April 25, 2022, the Lenders further amended the commitment and agreed to increase the percentage of earlier closing amount from 25 to
100 . As of July 1, 2022, we borrowed approximately 190,000 (NTD 5,640,000) under the Loans from one of the Lenders. 

On May 11, 2020, Aircom entered into a binding
product purchase agreement with Yuanjiu for the purchase of 100 sets of the AERKOMM K++, AirCinema Cube for installation on the aircraft
of Hong Kong Airlines. The total purchase amount under this agreement was 1,807,100 and the Company has paid 20 of the total amount,
or US 180,710, as an initial deposit. On July 15, 2020, Aircom signed a second product purchase agreement with Yuanjiu for an additional
100 sets of the AirCinema Cube for the same purchase amount and paid an additional 10 initial deposit 180,710) on this agreement as
well. Additionally, on December 3, 2020, we made a prepayment to three individuals to purchase from them an aggregate of 6,000,000 restricted
shares of YuanJiu, for business purposes in Taiwan relating to local operations. This purchase will result in our owning approximately
10 of Yuanjiu. Albert Hsu, a member of our board of directors, is the Chairman of Ejectt. In the Stock Purchase Agreement, there was
a restriction on the stock title transfer until May 13, 2021. On August 12, 2021, this restriction on the stock transfer was released
and the stock title transfer process has been completed. On March 24, 2021, we purchased additional 2,000 shares of Ejectt s common
stock for a total amount of 1,392) from a related party. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, this investment totaled approximately
a 10 ownership of Ejectt. 

Our board of directors conducts an appropriate
review of and oversees all related party transactions on a continuing basis and reviews potential conflict of interest situations where
appropriate. Our board of directors has not adopted formal standards to apply when it reviews, approves or ratifies any related party
transaction. However, our board of directors generally reviews related party transactions to ensure that they are fair and reasonable
to our company and on terms comparable to those reasonably expected to be agreed to with independent third parties for the same goods
and/or services at the time they are authorized by our board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors has determined that Raymond Choy, Colin Lim
and Richard Akumiah are independent directors as that term is defined in the applicable rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

70 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to the Company for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 

Year Ended 
December 31, 

2021 

2020 

Audit Fees 

140,000 

315,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

150,000 

235,000 

Tax Fees 

35,000 

35,000 

All Other Fees 

40,000 

- 

TOTAL 

365,000 

585,000 

Audit Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial
statements included in our Form 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and
regulatory filings or engagement. 

Audit-Related Fees consisted of
fees billed for assurance and related services by the principal accountant that were reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported under the paragraph captioned Audit Fees above. 

Tax Fees consisted of fees billed
for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax returns preparation. 

All Other Fees consisted of fees
billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above under other captions of
this Item 14. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, all audit
and non-audit services performed by our auditors must be approved in advance by our board of directors to assure that such services do
not impair the auditors independence from us. In accordance with its policies and procedures, our board of directors pre-approved
the audit service performed by WWC, P.C. for our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

71 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

(1) Index to Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2- F-5 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F-8 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-10 

(2) Index to Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted because the required information
is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

(3) Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 26, 2013, between Aerkomm Inc. and Maple Tree Kids LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on November 5, 2013) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement, dated February 13, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and the shareholders of Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2017) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 16, 2019) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Underwriter Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2018) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on March 30, 2018) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Subscription Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2017) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 28, 2016, among Irina Goldman, Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Aerkomm Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 29, 2016) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated May 15, 2015, between Chi Kong Wu and Aircom Pacific, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Shares, dated December 12, 2016, between Capricorn Union Limited and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on August 29, 2017) 
 
 10.6 
 
 SKY Perfect JSAT Master Service Agreement, dated March 15, 2017, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2018) 

72 

10.7 
 
 Digital Transmission Service Agreement, dated July 25, 2015, between Asia Satellite Telecommunications Company Limited and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Statement of Work, dated January 15, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and dMobile System Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Purchase Agreement for Ground Station Equipment, dated as of October 15, 2014, between dMobile System Co., Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and dMobile System Co. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Development Agreement, dated February 10, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.12 
 
 First Amendment to Development Agreement, dated July 17, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Second Amendment to Development Agreement, dated August 18, 2015, between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated March 31, 2017, among Aerkomm Inc., Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Priceplay Taiwan Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 27, 2017) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Purchase Agreement for Ground Station Equipment, dated as of December 15, 2015, between Blue Topaz Consultants, Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Purchase Agreement for Aircom Onboard Equipment, dated as of March 9, 2015, between LUXE Electric Co., Ltd. and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Guang Dong Tengnan Internet Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Strategic Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Guang Dong Tengnan Internet Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Cooperation Framework Agreement, dated June 20, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2018) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Letter of Commitment, dated May 1, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Letter of Commitment, dated May 1, 2018, between Aerkomm Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.24 
 
 Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 10, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 

73 

10.25 
 
 Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 10, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2018) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 30, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2018) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated July 30, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 30, 2018) 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated September 4, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2018) 
 
 10.29 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated September 4, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 5, 2018) 
 
 10.30 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 2, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018) 
 
 10.31 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 2, 2018, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 5, 2018) 
 
 10.32 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated January 3, 2019, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Chinese Version) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2019) 
 
 10.33 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated January 3, 2019, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2019) 
 
 10.34 
 
 Agreement, dated November 29, 2018, between Airbus SAS and Aircom Pacific, Inc. for AERKOMM K++ Band System Certification and Installation (Confidential Treatment has been Requested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018) 
 
 10.35 
 
 Product Purchase Agreement, dated November 30, 2018, between Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd. and Aircom Telecom LLC (Confidential Treatment has been Requested) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2018) 
 
 10.36 
 
 Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease, dated April 26, 2016, between Global Venture Development, LLC and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2017) 
 
 10.37 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated November 15, 2017, between Aerkomm Inc. and Integra Consulting Group, LLC, as supplemented (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 20, 2017) 
 
 10.38 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 31, 2017, between Aerkomm Inc. and Y. Tristan Kuo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2017) 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Independent Director Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed on February 2, 2018) 
 
 10.40 
 
 General Terms Agreement between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and MJet GMBH dated March 6, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2019) 
 
 10.41 
 
 Loan Commitment by and between Aerkomm Inc. and the Lenders, dated May 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.41a 
 
 Loan Commitment Amendment by and between Aerkomm Inc. and the Lenders, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2a to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 

74 

10.42 
 
 Letter of Commitment No. 1 by and between Aerkomm Inc., Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. and Metro Investment Group Limited dated May 9, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 14, 2019) 
 
 10.43 
 
 Employment Agreement dated May 25, 2018 by and between Louis Giordimaina and Aircom Pacific, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.44 
 
 Independent Contractor Agreement dated January 2, 2019 by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and AA TWIN ASSOCIATES LTD (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2020) 
 
 10.45 
 
 Letter of Undertaking dated July 16, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 16, 2019) 
 
 10.46 
 
 Definitive Agreement between the Registrant and MJet GMBH dated June 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019 
 
 10.47 
 
 Consultant Agreement dated February 16, 2020 be and between the Registrant and Daniel Shih. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2020) 
 
 10.48 
 
 Lease Memorandum of Understanding dated May 1, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Golden Plate Limited (Official Chinese Version) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2018) 
 
 10.49 
 
 Lease Memorandum of Understanding dated May 1, 2018 by and between the Registrant and Golden Plate Limited (Unofficial English Translation) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 3, 2018) 
 
 10.50 
 
 Liquidity Contract dated September 9, 2019 by and between the Registrant and Invest Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 29, 2020) 
 
 10.51 
 
 Loan Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Well Thrive Limited (Original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.52 
 
 Loan Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and Well Thrive Limited (English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1a to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.53 
 
 Unsecured Loan Agreement by and between Aircom Pacific, Inc. and EESquare Superstore Corp. dated April 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 7, 2020) 
 
 10.54 
 
 In-flight Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated May 11, 2020 (Chinese Original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.55 
 
 In-flight Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated May 11, 2020 (English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.56 
 
 In-flight Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated July 15, 2020 (Chinese Original) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.57 
 
 In-flight Entertainment Equipment Purchase Agreement by and between Yuanjiu Inc. and Aircom Telecom, LLC dated July 15, 2020 (English Translation) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on October 21, 2020) 
 
 10.58 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 10, 2020, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Official Document) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020) 
 
 10.59 
 
 Amendment No. 5 to Real Estate Sales Contract, dated November 10, 2020, among Tsai Ming-Yin, Sunty Development Co., Ltd., Aerkomm Inc. and Aerkomm Taiwan Inc. (Unofficial English Translation) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020) 
 
 10.60 
 
 Purchase Agreement dated November 27, 2020 by and between Aerkomm, Inc. and Yuanta Securities (Hong Kong) Co. Limited (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 

75 

10.61 
 
 Credit Enhanced Bonds Indenture Dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 
 
 10.62 
 
 Coupon Bonds Indenture dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 
 
 10.63 
 
 Guarantee Agreement by the Company and Bank of Panhsin Co., Ltd. Dated December 2, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 4, 2020) 
 
 10.64 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement between the Company and Sakai Display Products Corporation dated January 10, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 13, 2022) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Transition Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 30, 2018) 
 
 14.2 
 
 Code of Professional Conduct for Chief Executive and Senior Financial Officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 to the Transition Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 30, 2018) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Transition Report on Form 10-KT filed on April 1, 2019) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

Executive Compensation Plan or Agreement 

76 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 F-2 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2
 - F-4 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 and 2020 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To: 
 The Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Aerkomm Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Aerkomm, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Emphasis of Matter 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company had
incurred substantial losses during the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a working capital deficit
and net cash outflows from operating activities. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2021, these factors gave rise to substantial doubt that
the Company would continue as a going concern. Management closely monitors the Company s financial position and has prepared a plan
that is found in Note 1 that addresses this substantial doubt. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainly. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, audits of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal controls over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ WWC, P.C. 

Certified Public Accountants 

PCAOB ID: 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022 

San Mateo, CA 

July 1, 2022 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 

AERKOMM INC. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES (the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2020 and 2019, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Valuation of Prepayment for Land 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note 5, the Company entered into
a real estate sale contract with respect to the acquisition of a parcel of land located in Taiwan. As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the
total prepayment of 35,861,589 included the refundable installment prepayment of 34,474,462 to the seller and the commission payable
of 1,387,127 to the broker. As of March 23 2021, the land title transfer is still in progress and subject to the approval from the local
jurisdiction. 

The Company performed land appraisal on an annual
basis to test if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the land below the carrying
amount of prepayment for land. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter included obtaining an understanding of controls over the Company s impairment
review process, reviewing the appraisal report for the fair value of the land, and assessing the impairment loss if any. We also issued
confirmations to the seller to verify the right and existence of the prepayment for land. 

Valuation of Goodwill 

Description of the Matter 

As described in Note
1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company tests goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or more often if events or circumstances
indicate that there may be impairment. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had goodwill of 1,475,334. In performing the test, management
used income approach to determine the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. 

Auditing management s
goodwill impairment test was complex and relatively judgmental due to the significant estimation required to determine the estimated fair
value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate was sensitive to significant assumptions, such as changes in the Company s
financial forecast, the discount rate, cost synergies and growth rate, which are affected by expectations about future market or economic
conditions, including uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design,
and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s goodwill impairment review process, including controls over
management s review of the significant assumptions. To test the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we performed audit procedures
that included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology used by management and testing the significant assumptions discussed
above, as well as the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We tested the mathematical
accuracy of the calculations performed. We assessed the reasonableness of the forecasted future revenue growth rate and margins
rate by comparing the Company s business plans. 

/s/ Chen Fan Accountancy Corporation 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

March 23, 2021 

F- 4 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Short-term investment 

Account receivable related party 
 
 - 
 
 Inventories, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivable related parties 

Other receivable others 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Long-term investment 
 
 - 
 
 Property and Equipment, net 

Cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Prepayment for land 

Prepayment for equipment 

Net Property and Equipment 

Other Assets 

Restricted cash 

Intangible asset, net 

Goodwill 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Deposits 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term loan related party 

Short-term loan others 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other payable - related parties 

Other payable - others 

Long-term loan current 

Lease liability current related party 

Lease liability current - others 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Liabilities 

Convertible long-term bonds payable 

Long-term loan non-current 

Prepayments from customer non-current 

Lease liability non-current related party 
 -

Lease liability non-current others 

Restricted stock deposit liability 

Total Long-term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares (excluding unvested restricted shares) issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and shares (excluding unvested restricted shares) issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficits 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Year Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 

Sales related party 
 
 -

Sales - others 
 
 -

Total Sales 
 
 -

Cost of goods sold related party 
 
 -

Cost of goods sold - others 
 
 -

Total Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 -

Gross Margin 
 
 -

Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Non-Operating Income (Loss) 

Unrealized investment gain (loss) 

Foreign currency exchange gain 

Governmental grant income 

Bond issuance cost 

Impairment loss 
 -

Other gain (loss), net 

Net Non-Operating Income (Loss) 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Income Tax Expense 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Loss 

Change in foreign currency translation adjustments 

Total Comprehensive Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders 
Equity 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficits 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2020 

Issuance of common stock 

-
 
 -

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Revaluation of stock warrant 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Issuance of common stock 

-
 
 -

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Revaluation of stock warrant 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Year
Ended December 31, 

2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used for operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Consulting expense adjustment from change in fair value of warrants 

Unrealized (gains) losses on trading security 

Amortization of bonds issuance costs 

Gain on disposal of property and equipment 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other receivable - related parties 

Other receivable - others 

Other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other payable - related parties 

Other payable - others 

Operating lease liability 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Proceeds from disposal of short-term investment 
 
 -

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 

Prepayment of long-term investment 
 
 -

Purchase of short-term investment 

Purchase of trading security 
 -

Prepayment on equipment 
 -

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from short-term loan 

Proceeds from convertible long-term bonds payable 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Repayment of long-term loan 

Finance lease liability 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Year 

Foreign Currency Translation Effect on Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash, End of Year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

of Aerkomm s issued and outstanding common stock as of the closing date
of purchase. As a result of the transaction, Aircom became the controlling shareholder of Aerkomm. Aircom was incorporated on September
29, 2014 under the laws of the State of California. 

of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Aircom in exchange for approximately of the issued and outstanding capital stock
of Aerkomm. As a result of the share exchange, Aircom became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aerkomm, and the former shareholders of Aircom
became the holders of approximately of Aerkomm s issued and outstanding capital stock. 

ownership of Beijing Yatai was transferred from Aircom
Taiwan to Aerkomm Taiwan. 

F- 9 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 1 - Organization - Continued 

million. Currently, the Company has taken measures that management
believes will improve its financial position by financing activities, including through public offerings, private placements, short-term
borrowings and equity contributions. 

. As of December 31, 2021,
the Company had working capital deficit of approximately . In addition, the Company had net cash outflows of from
operating activities during the years ended December 31, 2021. These conditions give rise to substantial doubt as to whether the Company
will be able to continue as a going concern. 

F- 10 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

and , respectively. The balance of cash deposited in foreign financial institutions exceeding the amount insured
by local insurance is approximately and as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 

F- 11 

years, computer
equipment - to years, furniture and fixtures - years, satellite equipment years, vehicles to years and lease
improvement years or remaining lease term, whichever is shorter. 

F- 12 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

Property and Equipment - Continued 

years. 

F- 13 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

F- 14 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Continued 

and common
stock equivalents, primarily stock options and warrants, for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the assumed exercise of the Company s common stock equivalents were not included in the calculation
as the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

F- 15 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

euros) into the account. The transaction was initiated in the beginning of 2020, and the Company pays annual compensation of
 euros to the Liquidity Provider in advance by semi-annual installments at the beginning of each semi-annual period under the agreement.
The liquidity agreement had an initial term of one year and is being renewed automatically unless otherwise terminated by either party.
As of December 31, 2021, the Company had purchased shares of its common stock with the fair value of . The securities were
recorded as short-term investment with an accumulated unrealized gain of . In January 2022, the Liquidity Provider terminated the
agreement and the Company is determining whether to continue a similar program. 

restricted shares of one of the Company s related parties, YuanJiu Inc. YuanJiu in a total amount of
NT . YuanJiu is a listed company in Taiwan Stock Exchange and the stock title transfer was subject to certain restrictions.
The restrictions of the stock title transfer were released on May 13, 2021. On July 19, 2021, YuanJiu Inc. changed its name to EJECTT
INC Ejectt ). On March 24, 2021, the Company purchased additional shares of Ejectt s common stock for
a total amount of from a related party. 

shares
of Ejectt s common stock were restricted and booked under long-term investment. As of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, this
investment totaled approximately a ownership of Ejectt. 

Investment cost - Liquidity 

Total Investment Cost 

Appreciation in market value (Allowance for value decline) 

Net 

Supplies 

Inventory impairment 

Net 

Prepayment for inventory 
 -

Total 

F- 16 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Prepaid professional expense 

Others 

Total 

Addition 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

December 31, 2020 

Addition 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Disposal 

December 31, 2021 

and 
total property and equipment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the Company also has prepayment for equipment in an amount
of and as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Addition 

December 31, 2020 

Addition 

Disposal 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

December 31, 2021 

and
 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 17 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

of tz-Comm s ownership with a cash payment of . The purpose of the Company s investment in tz-Comm
is to collaborate with the other shareholders in developing future business opportunities in the U.S. and Asia. The Company accounts
for its investment in tz-Comm by the equity method of accounting under which the Company s share of the net income of tz-Comm is
reported in the Company s income statement. As of December 31, 2021, the balance of net investment in tz-Comm was . 

shares of Ejectt s common stock were restricted. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of the long-term investment in
Ejectt was as follows: 

-

Appreciation in market value (Allowance for value decline) 
 -
 
 -

Net 
 
 -

Addition 
 -

December 31, 2020 

Addition 
 -

December 31, 2021 

for each of the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Years 
 Years 
 
 Finance lease 
 Years 
 Years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Operating lease 

Finance lease 

F- 18 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 10 - Operating and Finance Leases - Continued 

Lease liability - current 

Lease liability non-current 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Lease liability - current 

Lease liability non-current 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Current lease liability finance leases 

Total current lease liability 

Current lease liability related parties 

Current lease liability - others 

Non-current lease liability operating leases 

Non-current lease liability finance leases 

Total non-current lease liability 

Non-current lease liability related parties 
 -

Non-current lease liability - others 

Sublease rental income 

Net lease expense 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total finance lease cost 

Operating cash outflows from finance lease 

Financing cash outflows from finance lease 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Operating leases 

Finance lease 
 -
 
 -

F- 19 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 10 - Operating and Finance Leases - Continued 

January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 
 -

January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 
 -

January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 

January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP, established as part
of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts
up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. According to PPP, borrowers may be eligible for loan
forgiveness if the funds were used for eligible payroll costs, payments on business mortgage interest payments, rent, or utilities during
either the 8- or 24-week period after disbursement. On November 18, 2020, the Company obtained the approval of loan forgiveness. For
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recognized as other income from the PPP. 

(NT with a non-related party. This loan, which carries no interest, would originally
mature on . This loan is collateralized with shares of Ejectt stocks that the Company currently owns. As of December
31, 2021, the outstanding loan balance was (NTD30, ). The two parties are in the process of amending the agreement to
extend the loan repayment date. 

F- 20 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

(approximately US ), which matures on May 21, 2024, from a Taiwan financing company with annual interest rate of
 . Future installment payments
as of December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

2023 

2024 

Total installment payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of long-term loan 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

in aggregate principal amount of its Credit Enhanced Zero Coupon Convertible
Bonds (the Zero Coupon Bonds and US in aggregate principal amount of its convertible bonds (the Coupon
Bonds ), both due on December 2, 2025 (collectively the Bonds ). Unless previously redeemed, converted or repurchased
and cancelled, the Zero-Coupon Bonds will be redeemed on 

each. The initial conversion price for the Bonds is per share and is
subject to adjustment in specified circumstances. 

with BG Bank on December
1, 2020. The line of credit will be expired on . The annual fee is based on of the line of credit amount and due quarterly.
The line of credit is guaranteed by one of the Company s shareholders with his personal property, and the Company s time
deposit of (the Deposit at BG Bank is pledged as collateral as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the Deposit
was recorded as restricted cash. 

F- 21 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 14 Convertible Long-term Bonds
Payable and Restricted Cash Continued 

Coupon Bonds 

Unamortized loan fee 

Net 

and for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

-year purchase agreement with Klingon Aerospace, Inc. Klingon ), which was formerly named as Luxe Electronic Co.,
Ltd. In accordance with the terms of this agreement, Klingon agreed to purchase from the Company an initial order of onboard equipment
comprising an onboard system for a purchase price of , with payments to be made in accordance with a specific milestones schedule.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company received from Klingon in milestone payments towards the equipment purchase price.
As of December 31, 2021, the project is still ongoing. 

Foreign 

Total 

Valuation allowance on net operating loss carryforwards 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accrued payroll 

Foreign investment losses 

Amortization and depreciation expense 

Unrealized exchange gain (loss) 

Others 

Tax expense at effective tax rate 

F- 22 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 16 - Income Taxes Continued 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accrued expenses and unpaid expense payable 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Excess of tax amortization over book amortization 

Unrealized/realized exchange gain 

Others 

Valuation allowance 

Net 
 -
 
 -

and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

available to reduce future federal taxable income, expiring in 2037, and additional
federal NOLs of approximately and , respectively, were generated and will be carried forward indefinitely to reduce
future federal taxable income. and ,
respectively, available to reduce future state taxable income, expiring in 2039. 

and , respectively, available to reduce future Japan taxable income, expiring
in 2030. 

and , respectively, available to reduce future Taiwan taxable income, expiring
in 2030. 

of federal research and development tax credit, available to offset future federal income tax. . As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had approximately of California
state research and development tax credit available to offset future California state income tax. . 

shares of preferred stock, with par value of . As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, there were no preferred stock shares
outstanding. The Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series, and in connection with the creation
of any such series, by resolutions providing for the issuance of the shares thereof, to determine dividends, voting rights, conversion
rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences. 

shares of common stock as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 23 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 17 - Capital Stock - Continued 

Restricted stock - unvested 

Total restricted stock 

shares of the Company s common stock on a best-efforts
basis at the public offering price of (approximately per share, less underwriting discounts, for up to a maximum
of (approximately ). As of December 31, 2020, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement-Invest Securities, the
Company had issued an aggregate of shares of common stock for gross proceeds of (approximately ), or
net proceeds of (approximately ). 

of the gross proceeds of the public offering, which shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, commencing on April 13, 2018 and expiring
on the five-year anniversary at an initial exercise price of per share, which is equal to of the offering price paid by
investors. As of December 31, 2019, the Company issued warrants to Boustead to purchase shares of the Company s stock. 

and a decrease of , respectively, in additional paid-in capital as adjustment
for the issuance costs of these stock warrants. 

shares of the Company s
common stock, exercisable at a price of per share, the closing price of the common stock on the OTC Markets, Inc. QX tier on October
21, 2021. 

or more of the total purchases of the Company for 2021 and 2020. Purchase from and accounts payable
to these vendors for the years ended and as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

B 
 
 -

-

Total 

F- 24 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

Well Thrive Limited WTL 

Ejectt Inc. Ejectt 

AA Twin Associates Ltd. AATWIN 

EESquare Japan EESquare JP 

Wealth Wide Int l Ltd. WWI 

Total 

Inventory prepayment to Ejectt 3 
 -

Loan from WTL 4 

Other payable to: 

AATWIN 5 

Interest
 payable to WTL 4 

Others 7 

Total 

Lease liability to WWI 6 

. As of December 31, 2021, the transaction is completed and the outstanding account receivable was . 2. Aircom Japan entered into a sublease agreement with EESquare JP for the period between March 5, 2019 and March 4, 2023. Pursuant to the terms of this lease agreement, EESquare JP pays Aircom Japan a rental fee of approximately per month. 3. Represents inventory prepayment paid to Ejectt. On May 11, 2020, the Company entered into a product purchase agreement (PO1) with Ejectt to purchase 100 sets of the AirCinema Cube to be installed on aircraft of commercial airline customers. (approximately and was expired on December 31, 2021. The lease term is from June 28, 2020 to June 27, 2022. 

F- 25 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 20 - Related Party Transactions - Continued 

- 

Purchase from Ejectt 2 

- 

Consulting expense to AATWIN 3 

Rental expense charged by WWI 4 

Rental income charged from EESqaure JP 5 

Interest expense charged by WTL 6 

per month. 

from WTL under the loans. 

F- 26 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

shares to Aircom s stock option holders. 

years unless sooner terminated under
the terms of Aircom 2014 Plan. 

shares of common stock for issuance
under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan. The Aerkomm 2017 Plan has been adopted by the Board and shall continue in effect for a term of years
unless sooner terminated under the terms. On June 23, 2017, the Board of Directors voted to increase the number of shares of common stock
reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to shares. The Aerkomm 2017 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock
options and non-statutory stock options to employees, consultants and outside directors of the Company, as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors (or, prior to the establishment of the Compensation Committee on January 23, 2018, the Board of Directors).
The Aerkomm 2017 Plan was approved by the Company s stockholders on March 28, 2018. On
October 21, 2021, the Board of Directors voted to increase the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Aerkomm
2017 Plan to shares. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to certain officers and directors of the Company.

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to 11 of its employees. 1/3 of these shares
subject to the option shall vest commencing on the first anniversary of vesting start date and the remaining shares shall vest at the
rate of each year for the next two years on the same day of the month as the vesting start date. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to three of the Company s independent
directors, shares each. All of these options were vested immediately upon issuance. 

and shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two of the Company executives. 

F- 27 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 21 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to three of the Company s independent
directors, shares each. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to 22 of its directors, officers
and employees. 

shares under the 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to three of the Company s independent
directors, shares each. All of these options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same
day of December 2019. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s consultants for service
provided in 2019. These options shall be vested immediately. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s independent directors.
These options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same day of September 2020. 

shares under the 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to three of the Company s independent directors,
 shares each. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s officers. These options
shall be vested immediately. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s independent directors.
These options shall be vested at the rate of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same day of September 2021. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s officers. These options shall
be vested immediately. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s officers. These options shall be
vested immediately. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to two of the Company s independent
directors, shares each. All of these options shall be vested at the date of 1/12th each month for the next 12 months on the same
day of December 2021. 

shares under the Aerkomm 2017 Plan to one of the Company s consultants for service
provided in 2020. These options vested immediately. 

F- 28 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 21 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively, related to such employee stock options. 

- years 

Expected volatility 

- 

Expected dividends 

Risk-free interest rate 

- 

Forfeiture rate 

- 

F- 29 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 21 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited/Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 

F- 30 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 21 - Stock Based Compensation - Continued 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Options unvested at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Options unvested at December 31, 2021 

Information related to stock options outstanding
and exercisable at December 31, 2021, is as follows: 

7.00 10.00 

11.00 14.20 

20.50 27.50 

30.00 35.00 

, which is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over
a weighted average period of approximately year. No option was exercised during 2021 and 2020. 

F- 31 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

NOTE 22 - Commitments - Continued 

Hong Kong Airlines Agreement : Republic Engineers Complaint : On October 15, 2018, Aircom Telecom entered into a product purchase agreement, or the October 15th PPA, with Republic Engineers Maldives Pte. Ltd., a company affiliated with Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd., or Republic Engineers, a Singapore based, private construction and contracting company. On November 30, 2018, the October 15th PPA was re-executed with Republic Engineers Pte. Ltd. as the signing party. The Company refers to this new agreement as the November 30th PPA and, together with the October 15th PPA, the PPA. Under the terms of the PPA, Republic Engineers committed to the purchase of a minimum of 10 shipsets of the AERKOMM K++ system at an aggregate purchase price of million. Additionally, under the terms of the PPA, the Executive Director of Republic Engineers, C. A. Raja, agreed to sign an agreement, or the Guarantee, to guarantee all of the obligations of Republic Engineers under the PPA. Republic Engineers had submitted a purchase order, or PO, dated October 15, 2018 for the 10 shipsets and was supposed to have made payments to Aircom Telecom against the purchase order shortly thereafter. Republic Engineers made no payments against the purchase order and the Company did not begin any work on the ordered shipsets. On July 7, 2020, Republic Engineers and Mr. Raja filed a complaint against Aerkomm, Aircom and Aircom Telecom (the Aircom Parties in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Almeda, or the Court, seeking declaratory relief only and no money damages, alleging that the PPA and the PO were not executed or authorized by Republic Engineers and that the Guarantee was not executed or authorized by Mr. Raja. Republic Engineers and C. A. Raja requested from the Court (i) orders that the PPA, the PO and the Guarantee be declared null and void and (ii) the payment of their reasonable attorney s fees. On July 29, 2020, Aircom Telecom provided notice to Republic Engineers that the PPA and the PO was terminated according to their terms as a result of the non-performance of Republic Engineers and the Failure of Mr. Raja to provide the Guarantee. The Aircom Parties filed a motion for judgment on the pleadings in August 2021, asking the Court to find the Complaint for Declaratory Relief to be moot, because the contracts that are the subject of the Complaint have been terminated. On September 22, 2021, the Court granted that motion, and dismissed the complaint. At the request of Republic Engineers, the Court granted Republic Engineers leave to amend its complaint to attempt to allege a viable claim. On May 10, 2022, Republic Engineers and Aircom Parties entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement, which included, among other things, a denial of wrongdoing by both parties, a requirement that Republic Engineering file a motion with the Court to dismiss its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties and a mutual release by each party of any and all claims against the other party relating to this dispute. On May 17, 2022, Republic Engineers filed with the Court a motion to dismiss with prejudice, its lawsuit against the Aircom Parties and on that same day the Court officially dismissed the lawsuit. Shenzhen Yihe: On June 20, 2018, the Company entered into that certain Cooperation Framework Agreement, as supplemented on July 19, 2019, with Shenzhen Yihe Culture Media Co., Ltd., or Yihe, the authorized agent of Guangdong Tengnan Internet, or Tencent Group, pursuant to which Yihe agreed to assist the Company with public relations, advertising, market and brand promotion, as well as with the development of a working application of the Tencent Group WeChat Pay payment solution and WeChat applets applicable for Chinese users and relating to cell phone and WiFi connectivity on airplanes. As compensation under this Yihe agreement, the Company paid Yihe RMB million (approximately US million). On October 16, 2020, As of September 30, 2021, the prepayment was reclassified to other receivable and full allowance was reserved. On March 25, 2022, the Shenzhen International Arbitration Court issued a judgment in our favor. The Court deemed the Company s agreement with Yihe terminated as of November 24, 2020, the date of the Company s filing with the Court, and held that Yihe is required to promptly repay us RMB million and reimburse the Company RMB in court costs. The Company will make every effort to collect these amounts from Yihe. US trademark : On December 1, 2020, 

F- 32 

AERKOMM INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 and 2020 

shares of our common stock for Euros per share for an aggregate
purchase price of Euros (the Purchase Price ). This transaction closed on June 29, 2022 and we received the Purchase
Price equivalent to U.S. from this investor. Despite the fact that the Company have received the investor s funds,
the subscription agreement is subject to a cooling off period pursuant to which it may be terminated prior to July 29, 2022 by either
party at any time and for any reason. If the subscription agreement is terminated by the investor, the Company will be required to return
the Purchase Price funds to the investor, without interest. Because of the wording of the subscription agreement, the Company cannot
assure you at this time that the Company will not be required to return the Purchase Price funds to the investor. 

F- 33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: July 1, 2022 
 AERKOMM INC. 

/s/ Louis Giordimaina 

Name: Louis Giordimaina 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Y. Tristan
 Kuo 

Name: Y. Tristan Kuo 

Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Louis Giordimaina 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Louis Giordimaina 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Jeffrey
Wun 
 
 Chairman, President, Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Jeffrey Wun 

/s/ Y. Tristan Kuo 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Y. Tristan Kuo 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Raymond Choy 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Raymond Choy 

/s/ Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Chih-Ming (Albert) Hsu 

/s/ Colin Lim 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Colin Lim 

/s/ Jan-Yung Lin 
 
 Director and Secretary 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Jan-Yung Lin 

/s/ Richmond Akumiah 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Richmond Akumiah 

77 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2021ex31-1_aerkomminc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Louis Giordimaina, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aerkomm Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
July 1, 2022 

/s/
 Louis Giordimaina 

Louis
 Giordimaina 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2021ex31-2_aerkomminc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Y. Tristan Kuo, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Aerkomm Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
July 1, 2022 

/s/
 Y. Tristan Kuo 

Y.
 Tristan Kuo 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2021ex32-1_aerkomminc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Louis Giordimaina, the Chief Executive Officer of AERKOMM INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (the
 Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
 and results of operation of the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement this 1 st day of July, 2022. 

/s/
 Louis Giordimaina 

Louis Giordimaina 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Aerkomm Inc. and will be retained by Aerkomm Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2021ex32-2_aerkomminc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, Y. Tristan Kuo, the Chief Financial Officer of AERKOMM INC. (the Company ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that: 

1. The
Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report ), fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. Information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement this 1 st day of July, 2022. 

/s/
Y. Tristan Kuo 

Y. Tristan Kuo 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Financial and
Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Aerkomm Inc. and will be retained by Aerkomm Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 akom-20211231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 akom-20211231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 akom-20211231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 akom-20211231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 akom-20211231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

