<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220701_10-Q_edgar_data_82473_0001493152-22-018408.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5206546</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119972</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>948777</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1338294</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1306255</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1390269</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-22-018408.hdr.sgml : 20220701
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220701170748
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-22-018408
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220701

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INNSUITES HOSPITALITY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000082473
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				346647590
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07062
		FILM NUMBER:		221062261

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		INNSUITES HOTELS CENTRE
		STREET 2:		1625 E NORTHERN AVE STE 105
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85020
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2166220046

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		925 EUCLID AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1750
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REALTY REFUND TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-22-018408.txt : 20220701

10-Q
 1
 form10-q.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

QUARTERLY
REPORT 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 

 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (l) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or l5(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Aggregate
market value of Shares of Beneficial Interest held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 31, 2021, based upon the closing sales
price of the registrant s Shares of Beneficial Interest on that date, as reported on the NYSE AMERICAN: 17,006,992. 

Number
of outstanding Shares of Beneficial Interest, without par value, as of July 1, 2022: . 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

-American 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 FOR
THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2022 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1 
 Financial Statements 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets January 31, 2022 (audited) and April 30, 2022 (unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three Months Ended April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021 (unaudited) 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Three Months Ended April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021 (unaudited) 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Three Months ended April 30, 2022 and April 30, 2021 (unaudited) 
 6 

Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 7 
 
 Item
 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 
 
 Item
 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 38 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 40 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 40 
 
 Item
 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 40 
 
 Item
 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 41 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 41 
 
 Item
 5 
 Other Information 
 41 
 
 Item
 6 
 Exhibits 
 41 

Signature 
 42 

Exhibit
 Index 

2 

PART
I 

 FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 INNSUITES
HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

APRIL 30, 2022 
 JANUARY 31, 2022 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts Receivable 

Employee Retention Credit Receivable 

Current Portion of Note Receivable (net) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Note Receivable (net) 

Operating Lease Right of Use 

Finance Lease Right of Use 

Convertible Note Receivable 

Investment in Private Company Stock 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

LIABILITIES 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Current Portion of Mortgage Notes Payable, net of Discount 

Current Portion of Other Notes Payable 

Current Portion of Operating Lease Liability 

Current Portion of Finance Lease Liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Notes Payable - Related Party 
 - 

Mortgage Notes Payable, net of Discount 

Other Notes Payable 
 - 

Operating Lease Liability, net of current portion 

Finance Lease Liability, net of current portion 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Shares of Beneficial Interest, without 
 par value, unlimited 
 authorization; and
 shares issued and 
 and shares
 outstanding at April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, respectively 

Treasury Stock, 
 and shares held at cost at April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, respectively 

TOTAL TRUST SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

TOTAL EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

3 

INNSUITES
HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

Room 

Food and Beverage 

Other 

TOTAL REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Room 

Food and Beverage 

General and Administrative 

Sales and Marketing 

Repairs and Maintenance 

Hospitality 

Utilities 

Depreciation 

Real Estate and Personal Property Taxes, Insurance and Ground Rent 

Other 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

Other Income 

Interest Income 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 - 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME 

Interest on Mortgage Notes Payable 

Interest on Other Notes Payable 

TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE 

CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME BEFORE EMPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT 

Employee Retention Credit 
 
 - 
 
 CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME 

LESS: NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

NET INCOME LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONTROLLING INTERESTS 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE BASIC DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC DILUTED 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

INNSUITES
HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2022 

Shares of Beneficial Interest 
 Treasury Stock 
 Trust Shareholders 
 Non- Controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 31, 2022 

Net Income 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 
 
 - 

- 

Distribution to Non-Controlling Interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

FOR
THE THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2021 

Shares of Beneficial Interest 
 Treasury Stock 
 Trust Shareholders 
 Non- Controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, January 31, 2021 

Net Income 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares of Beneficial Interest Issued for Services Rendered 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, April 30, 2021 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

INNSUITES
HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 UNAUDITED
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR
 THE THREE MONTHS ENDED 

 APRIL 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Consolidated Net Income 

Adjustments to Reconcile Consolidated Net Income to Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities: 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 - 

Employee Retention Credit 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 - 

Depreciation 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts Receivable 

Income Tax Receivable 
 - 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 

Operating Lease 

Finance Lease 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Improvements and Additions to Hotel Properties 

Issuance of Payments on Convertible Note Receivable - UniGen 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Principal Payments on Mortgage Notes Payable 

Borrowings on Mortgage Notes Payable 
 
 - 
 
 Borrowings on Note Payable - Related Party 

Payments on Notes Payable - Related Party 

Payments on Other Notes Payable 

Borrowings on Other Notes Payable 
 - 

Distributions to Non-Controlling Interest Holders 
 
 - 
 
 Repurchase of Treasury Stock 
 
 - 
 
 NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

See
accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 

6 

INNSUITES
HOSPITALITY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 AS
OF APRIL 30, 2022, AND JANUARY 31, 2022 

 AND
FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2022 AND 2021 

million 
 convertible debenture in UniGen Power Inc., UniGen ),
approximately 
 in UniGen s privately-held common stock,
and hold warrants to make further UniGen Investments in the future. 

Hotel
Operations: 

Our
Tucson, Arizona Hotel and our Hotel located in Albuquerque, New Mexico are moderate service hotels. Both hotels offer swimming pools,
fitness centers, business centers, and complimentary breakfast. In addition the Hotels offer social areas and modest conference facilities.
The Tucson hotel has PJ s Pub and Caf , as well. 

The
Trust is the sole general partner of RRF Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), and owned
a interest in the Partnership as of April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, respectively. The Trust s weighted average ownership
for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. As of April 30, 2022, the Partnership owned a
 interest in an InnSuites hotel located in Tucson, Arizona. The Trust owns a direct interest in an InnSuites hotel
located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. 

RRF
Limited Partnership, a subsidiary, manages the Hotels daily operations under 2 management agreements. The Trust also provides
the use of the InnSuites trademark to the Hotels. All expenses and reimbursements between the Trust, RRF and the Partnership
have been eliminated in consolidation. 

The
Trust classified the Hotels as operating assets, but these assets are available for sale. At this time, the Trust is unable to predict
when, and if, either of these will be sold. Neither the Tucson Hotel nor the Albuquerque Hotel is currently listed but the Trust is willing
to consider offers for each Hotel. Each of the Hotels is being made available at a price that management believes is reasonable in relation
to its current fair market value, earnings, profits, and replacement cost. 

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

These
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management in accordance with accounting principles in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), and include all assets, liabilities,
revenues and expenses of the Trust and its subsidiaries, as listed in the table below. All material intercompany transactions and balances
have been eliminated. Certain items have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation. The Trust exercises unilateral
control over the Partnership and the entities listed below. Therefore, the unaudited condensed financial statements of the Partnership
and the entities listed below are consolidated with the Trust, and all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

- 
 
 Tucson Hospitality Properties, LLLP 
 - 

RRF Limited Partnership 
 
 - 

(i) 

PARTNERSHIP
AGREEMENT 

The
Partnership Agreement of the Partnership provides for the issuance of two classes of Limited Partnership units, Class A and Class B.
Class A and Class B Partnership units are identical in all respects. On April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, 
 Class A Partnership units were issued and
outstanding, representing 
 of the total Partnership units, respectively.
Additionally, as of April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, 
 Class B Partnership units were outstanding to
and owned by James Wirth, the Trust s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Wirth s affiliates, representing 
 ownership in the Partnership. If all the Class
A and B Partnership units were converted on April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, the limited partners in the Partnership would receive
 
 Shares of Beneficial Interest of the Trust.
As of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, the Trust owns 
 general partner units in the Partnership,
representing 
 of the total Partnership units. 

LIQUIDITY 

Two
of the Trust s principal sources of cash to meet its cash requirements, including distributions to its shareholders, is monthly
hotel management fee income and our share of the Partnership quarterly distributions coming from the Tucson Hotel and cash flow; and
quarterly distributions and cash flow from the Albuquerque, New Mexico property. The Trust s liquidity, including our ability to
make distributions to its shareholders, will depend upon the ability of the Trust and the Partnership s ability to generate sufficient
cash flow from hotel operations and to service debt, as well as to generate funds from repayment of loans and sale of assets. The virus
related travel slowdown caused hotel quarterly distributions from both the Albuquerque and Tucson hotels to be temporarily put on hold
May 15, 2020, which was reinstated on February 15, 2022. 

At
a future date, the Trust may receive cash from hotel and energy operations and/or full or partial sale of one or both hotels, and/or
its UniGen diversification investment. 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Trust had a related party Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note with an amount payable of approximately
 .
 The Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note
accrues interest at 
 per annum and requires interest only payments.
The Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note has a maximum borrowing capacity to ,
which is available through December 31, 2022, and automatically renews annually. This is a two-way Line of Credit, with both the Trust
and an Affiliate lender having access to draw on the credit amount of up to 
 for either party. 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Trust had three Revolving lines of Credit totaling with the Republic Bank of Arizona. The lines had a
zero balance as of April 30, 2022. 

With
approximately 
 of cash, as of April 30, 2022, the availability of 
 from the combined 
 Advance to Affiliate credit facilities, and the
 
 Revolving Lines of Credit with Republic Bank,
the Trust believes that it has and will have enough cash on hand to meet all of the financial obligations as they become due for twelve
months from the date of filing this 10-Q. In addition, management is analyzing strategic options available to the Trust, including the
sale of one or both Hotel properties, or a possible merger. However, such transactions may not be available on terms that are favorable
to the Trust, or at all. 

There
can be no assurance that the Trust will be successful selling properties, merging, or raising additional or replacement funds, or that
these funds may be available on terms that are favorable to it. If the Trust is unable to raise additional or replacement funds, it may
be required to sell or refinance certain of our assets to meet liquidity needs, which may not be on terms that are favorable. 

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION 

The
accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by the Trust in accordance with GAAP for interim
financial information, and pursuant to the instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 10 of Regulation S-X promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC ). Accordingly, they do not include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. GAAP for
complete financial statement presentation. However, the Trust believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the information presented
not misleading. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting primarily of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary
for a fair presentation have been included. 

Operating
results for the three months ended April 30, 2022 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending
January 31, 2023. The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto included in the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31,
2022. 

The
Trust has evaluated subsequent events through the date of the filing of its Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Other
than those events disclosed indicating the recovery of economic and business activity, the Company is not aware of any other significant
events that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date but prior to the filing of this report that would have a material impact on
the Trust s financial statements. 

As
the general partner of the Partnership, the Trust exercises unilateral control over the Partnership. Therefore, the financial statements
of the Partnership are consolidated with the Trust, and all significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

Under
Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 810-10-25, Albuquerque Suite Hospitality, LLC has been determined to be a
variable interest entity with the Partnership as the primary beneficiary (see Note 4 Variable Interest Entity ).
Therefore, the financial statements of Albuquerque Suite Hospitality, LLC, are consolidated with the Trust, and all significant intercompany
transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

The
financial statements of the Partnership and Tucson Hospitality Properties, LLLP are consolidated with the Partnership and the Trust,
and all significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. 

SEASONALITY
OF THE HOTEL BUSINESS 

The
Hotels operations historically have been somewhat seasonal. The Tucson Arizona Hotel historically experiences the highest occupancy
in the first fiscal quarter (the winter high season) and, to a lesser extent, the fourth fiscal quarter. The second fiscal quarter historically
tends to be the lowest occupancy period at this Arizona Hotel. This seasonality pattern can be expected to cause fluctuations in the
Trust s quarterly revenues. The Hotel located in Albuquerque, New Mexico historically experiences its most profitable periods during
the second and third fiscal quarters (the summer high season), providing some balance to the general seasonality of the Trust s
hotel business. 

The
seasonal nature of the Trust s business increases its vulnerability to risks such as travel disruptions, labor force shortages
and cash flow issues. Further, if an adverse event such as an actual or threatened virus pandemic, terrorist attack, international conflict,
data breach, regional economic downturn or poor weather should occur at either of its two hotels, the adverse impact to the Trust s
revenues and profit could be significant. 

years for buildings and improvements, and to years for furniture, fixtures and equipment. 

Land
is an indefinite-lived asset. The Trust tests its land for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicates
an impairment may have occurred, by comparing its carrying value to its implied fair value. 

For
tax purposes the Trust takes advantage of accelerated depreciation methods (MACRS) for new capital additions and improvements to its
Hotels. 

Management
applies guidance ASC 360-10-35, to determine when it is required to test an asset for recoverability of its carrying value and whether,
or not, an impairment exists. Under ASC 360-10-35, the Trust is required to test a long-lived asset for impairment when there is an indicator
of impairment. Impairment indicators may include, but are not limited to, a drop in the performance of a long-lived asset, a decline
in the hospitality industry or a decline in the economy. If an indicator of potential impairment is present, then an assessment is performed
of whether the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future cash flows over its estimated remaining life. 

If
the estimated undiscounted future cash flows over the asset s estimated remaining life are greater than the asset s carrying
value, no impairment is recognized; however, if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted future cash flows,
then the Trust would recognize an impairment expense to the extent the asset s carrying value exceeds its fair value, if any. The
estimated future cash flows are based upon, among other things, assumptions about expected future operating performance, and may differ
from actual cash flows. Long-lived assets evaluated for impairment are analyzed on a property-specific basis independent of the cash
flows of other groups of assets. Evaluation of future cash flows is based on historical experience and other factors, including certain
economic conditions, and committed future bookings. Management has determined that no further impairment is required of long-lived assets
for the fiscal period ended April 30, 2022. 

We
are required to collect certain taxes and fees from customers on behalf of government agencies and remit these back to the applicable
governmental agencies on a periodic basis. We have a legal obligation to act as a collection agent. We do not retain these taxes and
fees and, therefore, they are not included in revenues. We record a liability when the amounts are collected and relieve the liability
when payments are made to the applicable taxing authority or other appropriate governmental agency. 

of balances over 90 days due and of balances over 120 days due. Accounts receivable are
written off when collection efforts have been exhausted and they are deemed uncollectible. Recoveries, if any, of receivables previously
written off are recorded when received. The Trust does not charge interest on accounts receivable balances and these receivables are
unsecured. There is in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and the fiscal year ended January
31, 2022. 

IHT fully paid restricted Shares per year. All shares vest over one year
from date of grant. The Trust has paid the annual fees due to its Trustees by issuing Shares of Beneficial Interest out of its authorized
but unissued Shares. Upon issuance, the Trust recognizes the shares as outstanding. The Trust recognizes expense related to the issuance
based on the fair value of the shares upon the date of the restricted share grant and amortizes the expense equally over the period during
which the shares vest to the Trustees. From time to time, the Trustees and key employees receive one-time fully paid restricted share
grants, as well. 

Shares of the Beneficial Interest, as discussed in Note 1. 

For
the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A and Class B Partnership units outstanding, which are convertible into
Shares of Beneficial Interest of the Trust. Assuming conversion at the beginning of each period, the aggregate weighted-average of these
Shares of Beneficial Interest would have been 
 and 
in addition to the basic shares outstanding for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These Shares of Beneficial
Interest issuable upon conversion of the Class A and Class B Partnership units were anti-dilutive during the three months ended April
30, 2022 and 2021 and are excluded in the calculation of diluted earnings per share for those periods. 

and 
 for the three months ended April 30, 2022
and 2021 respectively, and is reported in the consolidated Statement of Operations. 

Level
 2 Valuation techniques in which significant inputs include quoted prices from active markets for assets or liabilities that
 are similar to the assets or liabilities being measured and / or quoted prices for assets or liabilities that are identical or similar
 to the assets or liabilities being measured from markets that are not active. Also, model-derived valuations in which all significant
 inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets are level 2 valuation techniques. 

Level
 3 Valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant value drivers are unobservable. Unobservable
 inputs are valuation technique inputs that reflect a company s own judgments about the assumptions that market participants
 would use in pricing an asset or liability. 

The
Trust has assets that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, including stock and warrants in a 3 rd party private
company on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. 

Due
to their short maturities, the carrying value of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate fair value. The fair value of mortgage notes payable, notes payable to banks and notes and advances payable to related parties
is estimated by using the current rates which would be available for similar loans having the same remaining maturities and are based
on level 3 inputs. 

(the Loan Amount at an annual interest rate of (approximately per quarter). The Debentures are convertible into Class A shares of
UniGen Common Stock at an initial conversion rate of per share. 

UniGen
issued the Trust common stock purchase warrants (the Debenture Warrants to purchase up to shares of Class A
Common Stock. The Debenture Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share of Class A Common Stock. 

UniGen,
also, issued the Trust additional common stock purchase warrants Additional Warrants to purchase up to shares
of Class A Common Stock. The Additional Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of per share of Class A Common Stock. In
February 2021, UniGen separately issued an additional warrants at . 

UniGen
has agreed to allow IHT to fund a line of credit at the option of IHT convertible into shares of UniGen stock at 
per share. The balance on this line of credit as of April 30, 2022 is . Subsequent to April 30, 2022, no activity has occurred with
this line of credit and thus no draws have been taken. 

The
total of all stock ownership upon conversion of the note receivable and exercise of all warrants would total approximately million
UniGen shares, which amounts to approximately of fully diluted UniGen equity. 

On
the Trust s balance sheet, the investment of the consists of approximately in note receivables and approximately
 as the fair value of the warrant issued with the Trust s investment in UniGen. The value of the premium related to the
fair value of the warrants will accrete over the life of the debentures. 

Exercise (Strike) price 

Time to maturity (years) 

Annualized risk-free rate 

Annualized volatility 

Additional
Warrants 

Type of option 
 Call option 
 
 Stock price 

Exercise (Strike) price 

Time to maturity (years) 

Annualized risk-free rate 

Annualized volatility 

During
the year ended January 31, 2021, the Trust reinvested of interest income to exercise warrants for shares of common
stock in UniGen. 

During
the year ended January 31, 2022, the Trust reinvested of interest income to exercise warrants for shares of common
stock in UniGen. Additionally, the Trust exercised warrants for a total of for shares of common stock in UniGen. 

During
the first Fiscal Quarter (February 1, 2022 to April 30, 2022), three months ended April 30, 2022, the Trust reinvested of interest
income to exercise warrants for shares of common stock in UniGen. Additionally, the Trust exercised warrants for
a total of for shares of common stock in UniGen. 

As
of April 30, 2022, IHT held common shares of UniGen. Management believes recording the investment at cost approximates fair value
since there have been no significant changes in the operations of UniGen and UniGen s projects are still in the R D phase. 

UniGen
Power Inc. management recently reported progress on several fronts of the InnSuites Hospitality Trust (IHT) efficient clean energy innovation
diversification investment including the following: 

1.
Despite travel and supply chain disruptions including reshoring of a portion of UniGen parts, UniGen management targets
the UPI 1000 NG first prototype to be in operation on or before December 2022 subject to continuing supply chain delay challenges, and
subject to available cash of UniGen. 

2.
Due to global travel and economic events, an increasingly unreliable American power grid, inflation, and supply chain pressures, the
UniGen marketing team estimates product s market has grown, and has increased the planned power plant price. The initial order
for thirty units was recently reaffirmed. 

3.
UniGen recently raised an additional million through early existing UniGen warrant exercises, including a commitment from
IHT, of which is to be funded later this year as part of a pre-production GenSet capital raise. 

James
Wirth (President) and Marc Berg (Executive Vice President) both lack significant control. They have two of the six Board of Directors
seats or and were elected in December 2019 to serve on the board of UNIGEN to closely monitor and assist in the success of this potentially
power industry disruptive relatively clean energy generation innovation. 

The
Trust has valued UniGen investment as a level 3 fair value measurement, for the following reasons: The investment does not qualify for
level 1 since there are no identical actively traded instruments or level 2 identical or similar unobservable markets. 

per unit
with a two-unit minimum subscription. The Trust maintains at least of the units in one of the entities and intends to maintain
this minimum ownership percentage. Generally, the units in the each of the entities are allocated to three classes with differing cumulative
discretionary priority distribution rights through a certain time period. Class A units are owned by unrelated third parties and have
priority for distributions. Class B units are owned by the Trust and have second priority for distributions. Class C units are owned
by Rare Earth or other affiliates of Mr. Wirth and have the lowest priority for distributions. Priority distributions of per unit
per year are cumulative until a certain date; however, after that date, generally Class A unit holders continue to hold a preference
on distributions over Class B and Class C unit holders. The Trust does not accrue for these distributions as the preference periods have
expired. 

On
February 15, 2017, the Trust and Partnership entered into a restructuring agreement with Rare Earth Financial, LLC REF to allow for the sale of non-controlling partnership units in Albuquerque Suite Hospitality LLC Albuquerque for 
 per unit, which operates the Best Western InnSuites
Albuquerque Hotel and Suites Airport hotel property, a 112 unit hotel in Albuquerque, New Mexico (the Property ). REF and
IHT restructured the Albuquerque Membership Interest by creating 
 additional Class A membership interests from
General Member majority-owned to accredited investor member-owned. In the event of sale of 
 Class A Interests, total interests outstanding
will change from 
 to 
 with Class A, Class B and Class C Limited Liability
Company Interests (referred to collectively as Interests restructured with IHT selling approximately 
 Class B Interests to accredited investors as
Class A Interest. REF, as a General Partner of Albuquerque, will coordinate the offering and sale of Class A Interests to qualified third
parties. REF and other REF Affiliates may purchase Interests under the offering. This restructuring is part of the Trust s Equity
Enhancement Plan to comply with Section 1003(a)(iii) of the NYSE American Company Guide. For the three months ending April 30, 2022 and
2021, the Trust sold 
 units for 
 per unit, respectively. 

Building and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Total hotel properties 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Hotel properties, net 

As
of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, corporate property, plant, and equipment consisted of the following: 

CORPORATE PP E 

April 30, 2022 
 January 31, 2022 
 
 Land 

Building and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

owned by RRF Limited partnership, a subsidiary of InnSuites Hospitality Trust, funded a new loan for 
 million to refinance it s relatively low 
 million first position debt along with 
 million in inter-company advances from IHT used to complete the Best Western Product Improvement Plan PIP refurbishment
of the Hotel at an interest rate of 
financed on a 
 year amortization with no prepayment penalty and no balloon. This credit facility is guaranteed by InnSuites Hospitality Trust,
RRF Limited Partnership, Rare Earth Financial, LLC, James F. Wirth and Gail J. Wirth, and the Wirth Family Trust dated July 14, 2016. 

As
of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, the mortgage loan balance was approximately 
 and ,
 respectively. The mortgage note payable is due in
monthly installments of . 

On
December 2, 2019, Albuquerque Suites Hospitality, LLC entered into a 
 million Business Loan Agreement Albuquerque
Loan as a first mortgage credit facility with Republic Bank of Arizona. The Albuquerque Loan has a maturity date of . The Albuquerque Loan has an initial
interest rate of 
for the first five years and thereafter a with a floor
of 
and no prepayment penalty. This credit facility is guaranteed by InnSuites Hospitality Trust. As of April 30, 2022, the mortgage loan
balance was approximately ,
 net of financing fees of approximately . 

See
Note 9 Minimum Debt Payments for scheduled minimum payments on the mortgage notes payable. 

per annum for both a payable and receivable,
interest is due quarterly, matures on , and automatically renews annually each
calendar year. No prepayment penalty exists on the Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note. The balance fluctuates significantly
through the period. On December 30, 2020, the Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note was extended and increased to the current
level of .
As of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, the Trust had an amount payable of approximately 
 and ,
 respectively. During the three months ended April
30, 2022 and 2021, the Trust accrued approximately , respectively, of interest expense. 

in promissory notes outstanding to unrelated third parties arising from the repurchase
of Class A Partnership units in privately negotiated transactions. These promissory notes bear interest at per year and are
due in varying monthly payments through . 

As
of April 30, 2022, the Trust had a unsecured note payable with an individual lender. The promissory note is payable on demand,
or on , whichever occurs first. The loan accrues interest at and interest only payments shall be made monthly.
The Trust may pay all of part of this note without any repayment penalties. The total principal amount of this loan is as of
April 30, 2022. 

On
July 1, 2019, the Trust and the Partnership together entered into an unsecured loan totaling with an individual investor at
 , interest only, payable monthly. . The Trust may pay all or part of this
note without any repayment penalties. The total principal amount of this loan is as of April 30, 2022. 

On
July 1, 2019, the Trust and Partnership together entered into an unsecured loan, totaling with an individual investor at 
interest only, payable monthly. . The total principal amount of this loan is
 as of April 30, 2022. 

As
a result of the Virus Pandemic, and the subsequent Legislation passed within the CARES Act of 2020, the Trust applied for and received
Small Business Administration SBA loans through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). Loans in the amount
of approximately , , and , for Tucson, Albuquerque, InnSuites Hospitality, respectively, were granted and received. 

As
of January 31, 2021 the PPP Loan in other income received by the Trust was fully forgiven in the amount of approximately recorded
in other income in the statement of operations. The PPP loan received by Tucson for was forgiven in March 2021. The remaining
Albuquerque Hotel loan forgiveness for was completed in March 2021. The forgiveness was recognized as income for GAAP Financial
Statement purposes, and is tax free for tax purposes. 

On
March 5, 2021, the Albuquerque hotel received another PPP Loan in the amount of . On March 15, 2021, the Tucson hotel received
an additional PPP Loan in the amount of . Both of these loans were forgiven in July, 2021. The forgiveness was recognized as
other income for GAAP Financial Statement purposes, and is also tax free for tax purposes. 

See
Note 9 Minimum Debt Payments for scheduled minimum payments on the debt liabilities. 

- 

2024 
 
 - 
 - 

2025 
 
 - 
 - 

2026 
 
 - 
 - 

2027 
 
 - 
 - 

Thereafter 
 
 - 

- 

and 
 Shares of Beneficial Interest at an average
price of 
 and 
 per share, respectively. The average price
paid includes brokerage commissions. The Trust intends to continue repurchasing Shares of Beneficial Interest in compliance with applicable
legal and NYSE AMERICAN requirements. 

Class B Partnership units, which represented
 
of the total outstanding Partnership units, respectively. As of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, Mr. Wirth and his affiliates held
 
 Shares of Beneficial Interest in the Trust, respectively, which represented and 
respectively, of the total issued and outstanding Shares of Beneficial Interest. 

As
of April 30, 2022, and January 31, 2022, the Trust owned of the Partnership, respectively. As of April 30, 2022, the Partnership
owned a interest in the InnSuites hotel located in Tucson. The Trust also owned a direct interest in one InnSuites 
hotel located in Albuquerque, New Mexico. 

The
Trust directly manages the Hotels through the Trust s majority-owned subsidiary, RRF Limited Partnership. Under the management
agreements, RRF manages the daily operations of both Trust Hotels. All Trust managed Hotel expenses, revenues and reimbursements among
the Trust, and the Partnership have been eliminated in consolidation. The management fees for the Hotels are of room revenue and a
monthly accounting fee of per hotel. These agreements have no expiration dates but may be cancelled by either party with 30-days
written notice, or potentially sooner in the event the property changes ownership. 

The
Trust employs an immediate family member of Mr. Wirth, Brian James Wirth, who provides technology support services to the Trust, currently
receiving a annual salary. 

and
 in
cash for interest for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively for operations. The amounts related to Notes Payables
- IHT Shares of Beneficial Interest and Partnership Units repurchases amounted to 
 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and
2021, respectively. Cash paid for taxes for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 was ,
respectively. 

of the individual hotel s room revenue
into an escrow account to be used for capital expenditures. The escrow funds applicable to the Tucson Oracle property for which a mortgage
lender escrow exists is reported on the Trust s Consolidated Balance Sheet as Restricted Cash. Since a cash balance
existed in Restricted Cash as of April 30, 2022 and January 31, 2022, Restricted Cash line was omitted on the Trust s Consolidated
Balance Sheet. 

Membership
Agreements: 

InnSuites
Hotels has entered into membership agreements with Best Western International, Inc. Best Western for both hotel properties.
In exchange for use of the Best Western name, trademark and reservation system, all Hotels pay fees to Best Western based on reservations
received through the use of the Best Western reservation system and the number of available suites at the Hotels. The agreements with
Best Western have no specific expiration terms and may be cancelled by either party. Best Western requires that the hotels meet certain
requirements for room quality, and the Hotels are subject to removal from its reservation system if these requirements are not met. The
Hotels with third-party membership agreements received significant reservations through the Best Western reservation system. Under these
arrangements, fees paid for membership fees and reservations were approximately 
 and 
 for the three months ended April 30, 2022
and 2021, respectively. These costs include fees for the Albuquerque and Tucson hotels in 2022. These fees are included in room operating
expenses on the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for Albuquerque and Tucson. 

Litigation: 

The
Trust is involved from time to time in various other claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion
of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Trust s consolidated financial
position, results of operations or liquidity. 

The
nature of the operations of the Hotels exposes them to risks of claims and litigation in the normal course of their business. Although
the outcome of these matters cannot be determined and is covered by insurance, management does not expect that the ultimate resolution
of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the
Trust. 

Indemnification: 

The
Trust has entered into indemnification agreements with all our executive officers and Trustees. The agreements provide for indemnification
against all liabilities and expenses reasonably incurred by an officer or Trustee in connection with the defense or disposition of any
suit or other proceeding, in which he or she may be involved or with which he or she may be threatened, while in office or thereafter,
because of his or her position at the Trust. There is no indemnification for any matter as to which an officer or Trustee is adjudicated
to have acted in bad faith, with willful misconduct or reckless disregard of his or her duties, with gross negligence, or not in good
faith in the reasonable belief that his or her action was in the Trust s best interests. These agreements require the Trust, among
other things, to indemnify the director or officer against specified expenses and liabilities, such as attorneys fees, judgments,
fines and settlements, paid by the individual in connection with any action, suit or proceeding arising out of the individual s
status or service as our director or officer, other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct or conduct that is knowingly fraudulent
or deliberately dishonest, and to advance expenses incurred by the individual in connection with any proceeding against the individual
with respect to which the individual may be entitled to indemnification by us. The Trust may advance payments in connection with indemnification
under the agreements. The level of indemnification is to the full extent of the net equity based on appraised and/or market value of
the Trust. Historically, the Trust has not incurred any payments for these obligations and, therefore, no liabilities have been recorded
for these indemnities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

See
Note 14 Leases, for discussion on lease payment commitments. 

Lease obligations: 

Operating leases, net 

Long-term obligations 

Weighted average discount rate Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Total present value of minimum payments 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion of operating lease liability 

Finance
Leases 

The
Company s Tucson Oracle Hotel is subject to non-cancelable cable lease. 

Interest on lease obligations 

Lease obligations: 

Finance leases, net 

Long-term obligations 

Weighted average discount rate 

Finance leases 

2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Total present value of minimum payments 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion of finance lease liability 

fully paid IHT restricted shares were issued. The aggregate grant date fair value of these Shares was approximately .
These shares partially vest on December 31, 2022, and May 31, 2023, in two equal amounts. 

See
Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for information related to grants of restricted shares under
 Stock-Based Compensation. 

with interest to be accrued at per annum, which is recorded in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheet in continuing operations. 

No
 interest accrued through May 2023, and no payments on the note receivable including principal and interest based on the recently
 extended time period are due through May 2023. 

Note
 is secured by (1) pledge of the Buyer s interest in IBC, and (2) a security interest in all assets of IBC, provided IHT shall
 agree to subordinate such equity interest to commercially reasonable debt financing upon request. 

The
 note matures on June 1, 2024 

Future
 payments on this note are shown in the table below. 

2024 

Total 

Management s
 evaluation of the current financial position of the Buyer, based on unaudited financial statements provided. 

Management s
 best, conservative valuation of IBC s assets, and their marketability, in the case of a default by the Buyer. 

The
 current and future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, on the travel and hospitality industry, in which IBC s reservation and
 booking technology operates. 

As
of April 30, 2022, management evaluated the carrying value of the note determined no further impairment is needed at this time. This
is detailed further with an extension to May 2023, which allows time for IBC to benefit from the current rebound in the travel, hospitality
services, and hotel industries currently being experienced. 

IHT
has no managerial control nor does IHT have the ability to direct the operations or capital requirements of IBC as of August 1, 2018.
IHT has no rights to any benefits or losses from IBC as of August 1, 2018. 

million which includes cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of million and syndications
of million, and deferred tax liability associated with book/tax differences of million as of January 31, 2022. We have evaluated
the net deferred tax asset and determined that it is not more likely than not we will receive full benefit from the net operating loss
carryforwards. Therefore, we have determined a valuation allowance of approximately million. 

million in a combination of Employment Tax Refunds
and Credits, for the two calendar years 2020, and 2021, respectively. As a result, 

per share per Fiscal Year. In the Fiscal Years ended January 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust paid dividends
of per share per share in each of the second and the fourth quarters. The Trust has paid dividends each Fiscal Year since its inception
in 1971. The Trust will pay the scheduled semiannual dividend payable on July 31, 2022. 

Hotel
Operation results of the Albuquerque Hotel and the Tucson Hotel both achieved record results for the First Fiscal Quarter combined months
of February, March, and April 2022. Furthermore, May has also started the Second Fiscal Quarter (May 1, 2022, through July 31, 2022),
with tentative record-breaking results. These are all encouraging signs for InnSuites and the Southwest Travel Industry, and continue
to indicate that things are progressing positively and heading in the right direction as the Travel Industry, the Economy as a whole,
and InnSuites Hospitality Trust (IHT) specifically, continue to rebound and recover. 

On
May 31, 2022, the Trust s Board of Trustees approved a grant to issue Officers, Trustees, and Key Employees totaling fully
paid IHT restricted shares. The aggregate grant date fair value of these Shares was approximately . These shares partially vest
on December 31, 2022, and May 31, 2023, in two equal amounts. 

25 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

GENERAL 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing
elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and our audited consolidated Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this Form 10-Q, including statements containing the phrases believes, intends, expects, 
 anticipates, predicts, projects, will be, should be, looking
ahead, may or similar words, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We intend that such forward-looking
statements be subject to the safe harbors created by such Acts. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding our intent,
belief or current expectations in respect of (i) the declaration or payment of dividends; (ii) the leasing, management or operation of
the Hotels; (iii) the adequacy of reserves for renovation and refurbishment; (iv) our financing plans; (v) our position regarding investments,
acquisitions, developments, financings, conflicts of interest and other matters; (vi) expansion of UniGen; (vii) our plans and expectations
regarding future sales of hotel properties; and (viii) trends affecting our or any Hotel s financial condition or results of operations. 

These
forward-looking statements reflect our current views in respect of future events and financial performance, but are subject to many uncertainties
and factors relating to the operations and business environment of the Hotels that may cause our actual results to differ materially
from any future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Examples of such uncertainties include, but are not
limited to: 

Virus
 Pandemic and its effect on the Travel Industry; 

inflation
 and economic recession; 

terrorist
 attacks or other acts of war; 

local,
 national, or international, political economic and business conditions, including, without limitation, conditions that may, or may
 continue to, affect public securities markets generally, the hospitality industry or the markets in which we operate or will operate; 

available
 cash, supply chain issues, and increased labor costs for diversified clean energy development and production; 

fluctuations
 in hotel occupancy rates; 

changes
 in room rental rates that may be charged by InnSuites Hotels in response to market rental rate changes or otherwise; 

seasonality
 of our hotel operations business; 

our
 ability to sell any of our Hotels at market value, listed sale price, or at all; 

interest
 rate fluctuations; 

changes
 in, or reinterpretations of, governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, environmental and other regulations, the Americans
 with Disability Act and federal income tax laws and regulations; 

competition
 including supply and demand for hotel rooms and hotel properties; 

availability
 of credit or other financing; 

our
 ability to meet present and future debt service obligations; 

our
 ability to refinance or extend the maturity of indebtedness at, prior to, or after the time it matures; 

any
 changes in our financial condition or operating results due to acquisitions or dispositions of hotel properties; 

insufficient
 resources to pursue our current strategy; 

concentration
 of our investments in the InnSuites Hotels brand; 

loss
 of membership contracts; 

the
 financial condition of franchises, brand membership companies and travel related companies; 

ability
 to develop and maintain positive relations with Best Western and potential future franchises or brands; 

real
 estate and hospitality market conditions; 

hospitality
 industry factors; 

our
 ability to carry out our strategy, including our strategy regarding diversification and investments; 

26 

the
 Trust s ability to remain listed on the NYSE American; 

effectiveness
 of the Trust s software program; 

the
 need to periodically repair and renovate our Hotels at a cost at or in excess of our standard 4 reserve; 

tariffs
 may affect trade and travel; 

our
 ability to cost effectively integrate any acquisitions with the Trust in a timely manner; 

increases
 in the cost of labor, energy, healthcare, insurance and other operating expenses as a result of changed or increased regulation or
 otherwise; 

outbreaks
 of communicable diseases attributed to our hotels or impacting the hotel industry in general; 

natural
 disasters, including adverse climate changes in the areas where we have or serve hotels; 

airline
 strikes; 

transportation
 and fuel price increases; 

adequacy
 of insurance coverage and increases in cost for health care coverage for employees and potential government regulation with respect
 to health care coverage; 

data
 breaches or cybersecurity attacks, including breaches impacting the integrity and security
 of employee and guest data; and 

loss
 of key personnel and uncertainties in the interpretation and application of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 

We
do not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise except as may be required by law. Pursuant to Section 21E(b)(2)(E) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
the qualifications set forth hereinabove are inapplicable to any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K relating to the operations
of the Partnership. 

OVERVIEW 

We
are engaged in the ownership and operation of hotel properties. On April 30, 2022 the Trust had two moderate service hotels in Tucson,
Arizona and Albuquerque, New Mexico with 270 hotel suites. Both of our Hotels are branded through membership agreements with Best Western,
and both are also trademarked as InnSuites . We are also involved in various operations incidental to the operation of hotels,
such as the operation of a restaurant and bar, and meeting/banquet room rentals. 

At
April 30, 2022, we owned a direct 21.00 interest in the Albuquerque, New Mexico Hotel, and, together with the Partnership, owned an
indirect 51.01 interest in the Tucson, Arizona Hotel. 

Our
operations consist of one reportable segment Hotel Ownership Hotel Management Services. Hotel Ownership Operations derives
its revenue from the operation of the Trust s two hotel properties with an aggregate of 270 hotel suites in Arizona and New Mexico.
Hotel management services, provides management services for the Trust s two Hotels. As part of our management services, we also
provide trademark and licensing services. 

Our
results are significantly affected by the overall economy and travel, occupancy and room rates at the Hotels, our ability to manage costs,
changes in room rates, and changes in the number of available suites caused by the Trust s disposition activities. Results are
also significantly impacted by overall economic conditions and conditions in the hotel and travel industries. Although hotel operations
have now bounced back, virus-related travel slowdown in the Fiscal Year 2021, (February 1, 2020 to January 31, 2021), and Fiscal Year
2022, (February 1, 2021 to January 31, 2022), negatively impacted hotel room demand and pricing, which reduced our profit margins. Increases
in supply or decline in demand could result in increased competition, which could have an adverse effect on the rates and occupancy revenue
of the Hotels in their respective markets. 

27 

Over
time, we expect our UniGen diversification efficient clean energy generation investment to grow and provide a substantial source of income
in the foreseeable future. 

We
expect the current Fiscal Year 2023 to be continued recovery of the travel industry, continued recovery of our Hotel s occupancy
levels, continued recovery of room rates, as well as continuation of current cost control all leading to improved profitability of our
hotels. We believe that we have positioned the Hotels to remain competitive through our now fully completed Tucson and Albuquerque hotel
refurbishments, by offering fully refurbished studios and two-room suites at each location, and by maintaining complementary guest items,
including complimentary breakfast and free Internet access. 

Our
strategic plan is to continue to obtain the full benefit of our real estate equity, by ultimately obtaining full market value for our
two Hotels at market value which is believed by management to be substantially higher than lower book values, over the next 12-36 months.
In addition, the Trust is seeking a larger private reverse merger partner that may benefit from a merger that would afford that partner
access to our listing on the NYSE AMERICAN. 

In
the process of reviewing merger opportunities, the Trust identified in December 2019, and invested 1 million in UniGen Power, Inc. UniGen ),
an innovative efficient clean energy power generation company. The Trust has invested 1 million in debentures convertible into 1 million
shares of UniGen Power Inc., and in addition has acquired warrants to purchase approximately an additional 2 million UniGen shares over
the next approximately three years, which could result up to 25 ownership in UniGen. For more information on our strategic plan, including
information on our progress in disposing of our hotel properties and expanding energy diversification, see Future Positioning 
in this Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

HOTEL
OPERATIONS 

Our
expenses consist primarily of property taxes, insurance, corporate overhead, interest on mortgage debt, professional fees, depreciation
of the Hotels and hotel operating expenses. Hotel operating expenses consist primarily of payroll, guest and maintenance supplies, marketing,
and utilities expenses. Under the terms of its Partnership Agreement, the Partnership is required to reimburse us for all such expenses.
Accordingly, management believes that a review of the historical performance of the operations of the Hotels, particularly with respect
to occupancy, which is calculated as rooms sold divided by total rooms available, average daily rate ADR ),
calculated as total room revenue divided by number of rooms sold, and revenue per available room REVPAR ),
calculated as total room revenue divided by number of rooms available, is appropriate for understanding revenue from the Hotels. 

The
following tables show historical financial and other information for the periods indicated: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Albuquerque 
 January 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 -Incr/Decr 
 
 Occupancy 
 83.40 
 78.60 
 4.80 
 6.11 
 
 Average Daily Rate (ADR) 
 94.23 
 68.08 
 26.15 
 38.41 
 
 Revenue Per Available Room (REVPAR) 
 78.59 
 53.50 
 25.09 
 46.90 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Tucson 
 January 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 -Incr/Decr 
 
 Occupancy 
 81.06 
 79.00 
 2.06 
 2.61 
 
 Average Daily Rate (ADR) 
 113.54 
 76.89 
 36.65 
 47.67 
 
 Revenue Per Available Room (REVPAR) 
 92.04 
 60.74 
 31.30 
 51.53 

For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Combined 
 January 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 -Incr/Decr 
 
 Occupancy 
 82.02 
 78.85 
 3.17 
 4.02 
 
 Average Daily Rate (ADR) 
 105.45 
 74.84 
 30.61 
 40.90 
 
 Revenue Per Available Room (REVPAR) 
 86.50 
 59.01 
 27.49 
 46.59 

No
assurance can be given that occupancy, ADR and/or REVPAR will not increase or decrease as a result of changes in national or local economic
or hospitality industry conditions. 

We
enter transactions with certain related parties from time to time. For information relating to such related party transactions see the
following: 

For
 a discussion of management and licensing agreements with certain related parties, see Note 2 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
 Financial Statements Summary of Significant Policies Revenue Recognition Hotel Operations 

For
 a discussion of guarantees of our mortgage notes payable by certain related parties, see Note 6 to our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated
 Financial Statements Mortgage Notes Payable. 

For
 a discussion of our equity sales and restructuring agreements involving certain related parties, see Note 3 to our Unaudited Condensed
 Consolidated Financial Statements Sale of Ownership Interests in Subsidiaries . 

For
 a discussion of other related party transactions, see Note 11 to our Unaudited Condensed
 Consolidated Financial Statements Related Party Transactions. 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL TWELVE MONTH TRAILING ENDED APRIL 30, 2022 COMPARED TO THE FISCAL TWELVE MONTH TRAILING
ENDED APRIL 30, 2021. 

A
summary of total operating results of the Trust for the twelve month trailing periods ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

FY 2022/23 
 FY 2021/22 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Total Revenues 
 7,146,769 
 4,155,622 
 2,991,147 
 72 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 7,098,385 
 6,891,526 
 206,859 
 3 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 48,384 
 (2,735,904 
 2,784,288 
 102 
 
 Interest Income and Other 
 623,645 
 712,114 
 (88,469 
 (12 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (412,900 
 (362,693 
 (50,207 
 (14 
 
 Employee Retention Benefit 
 701,582 
 - 
 701,582 
 100 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 50 
 68,661 
 (68,611 
 (100 
 
 Consolidated Net Income (Loss) 
 960,761 
 (2,317,822 
 3,278,583 
 141 

28 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FISCAL THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2022 COMPARED TO THE FISCAL THREE MONTHS ENDED APRIL 30, 2021 

A
summary of total operating results of the Trust for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Q1 2022 
 Q1 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Total Revenues 
 2,136,095 
 1,399,126 
 736,969 
 53 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 1,990,955 
 1,605,705 
 385,250 
 24 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 145,140 
 (206,579 
 351,719 
 170 
 
 Interest Income and Other 
 15,731 
 453,550 
 (437,819 
 (97 
 
 Interest Expense 
 (135,475 
 (89,810 
 (45,665 
 (51 
 
 Employee Retention Benefit 
 350,791 
 - 
 350,791 
 0 
 
 Consolidated Net Income 
 376,187 
 157,161 
 219,026 
 139 

The
Trust operations are comprised of one reportable segment, Hotel Ownership Hotel Management Services (continuing operations) segment
that performs management services and has ownership interest in two hotel properties with an aggregate of 270 suites in Arizona and New
Mexico. 

The
Trust has chosen to focus its hotel investments on the southwest region of the United States. The Trust does not review assets by geographical
region; therefore, no income statement or balance sheet information by geographical region is provided. 

REVENUE: 

For
 the First Fiscal Quarter three months ended April 30, 2022, we had total revenue of approximately
 2.14 million compared to approximately 1.40 million for the three months
 ended April 30, 2021, an increase of approximately 0.7 million. In the prior
 fiscal years ended January 31, 2022, 2020 and 2019, we made significant improvements to our
 Albuquerque, New Mexico and Tucson, Arizona hotels. During the three months ended April 30,
 2022, we had an increase in total revenue resulting from the recovery of demand after the
 virus related travel restrictions imposed due to COVID-19, and benefitting from prior refurbishments. 

Total Consolidated Net Income for the three
months ended April 30, 2022 was approximately 376,000 which is an increase of approximately 220,000 from the same prior Fiscal Quarter
for the same period of 157,161. Earnings Per Share based on this Consolidated Net Income amount were 0.05, up 0.03 from the prior
year of 0.02, and also far exceeding their pre-Covid counterpart of Fiscal Year 2020. Earnings Per Share based on net income (loss)
attributable to Controlling Interest was 0.02, up from the prior year similar three month period of 0.01). 

Total Trust Equity increased to 4,312,186
at the end of Fiscal First Quarter 2023, up approximately 1.6 million, from the 2,760,288 reported at the end of the prior Fiscal First
Quarter 2021. Net Income before non-cash depreciation expense was 359,806 for the Fiscal First Quarter ended April 30, 2022, compared
to 78,537 for the Fiscal First Quarter ended April 30, 2021, which is an increase of approximately 281,269. 

We
realized a 53 increase in room revenues during the three months ended April 30, 2022 as room revenues were approximately 2.09
million for the three months ending April 30, 2022 as compared to approximately 1.36 million for the three months ending
April 30, 2021. Due to increased demand as the hospitality and travel industry recovers, food and beverage revenue increased 2 to approximately
 16,000 for the three months ending April 30, 2022 as compared to approximately 15,000 during the three months ending
April 30, 2021, an increase of approximately 1,000. During Fiscal Year 2023, we expect additional improvements in occupancy,
modest improvements in rates and steady food and beverage revenues. 

EXPENSES: 

Total
expenses net of interest expense was approximately 2.0 million for the three months ended April 30, 2022 reflecting an increase
of approximately 0.4 million, or 24 , compared to total expenses net of interest expense of approximately 1.6
million for the three months ended April 30, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in operating expenses related
to increased occupancy and revenues at the hotel properties. 

Room
expenses consisting of salaries and related employment taxes for property management, front office, housekeeping personnel, reservation
fees and room supplies were approximately 567,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 compared to approximately 474,000
in the prior year three month period for an increase of approximately 93,000, or 20 . Room expenses increased as occupancy at the
hotels increased, and increased expenses were incurred with the increased occupancy. 

Food
and beverage expenses included food and beverage costs, personnel and miscellaneous costs to provide banquet events. For the three months
ended April 30, 2022, food and beverage expenses increased approximately 16,000, or 40 , to approximately 56,000
for the three months ended April 30, 2022, compared to approximately 40,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2021. The increase
in cost relative to the increase in food and beverage revenue is due to increasing food and beverage purchasing costs. 

General
and administrative expenses include overhead charges for management, accounting, shareholder and legal services. General and administrative
expenses of approximately 601,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022, increased approximately 145,000 from approximately
 456,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2021 primarily due to higher charges in corporate staffing in support of
the hotels and property sales efforts. 

29 

Sales
and marketing expense increased approximately 69,000, or 85 , to approximately 150,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022
from approximately 81,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2021. Increased focus on sales and marketing due to the rebound
in hotel occupancy drove the increase. 

Repairs
and maintenance expense increased by approximately 16,000, or 18 , from approximately 91,000 reported for the three months ended April
30, 2021 compared to approximately 108,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022. Having completed the property improvements at
our Tucson, Arizona hotel Management anticipates the improvements which complies with the increasing Best Western standards, will (after
the adverse effects of travel restrictions and slowdown), lead to improvement in guest satisfaction and will drive additional revenue
growth through increased occupancy and increased rates. 

Hospitality
expense increased by approximately 25,000, or 48 , from 52,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2021 to approximately
 77,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to COVID-19 regulations minimizing and reducing
food service availability, restricting our complimentary breakfast and social hour offerings. 

Utility
expenses increased approximately 25,000, or 30 , to approximately 110,000 reported for the three months ended
April 30, 2021 compared with approximately 85,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022. 

Hotel
property depreciation expenses decreased by approximately 13,000 from approximately 185,000 reported for the three months ended April
30, 2021 compared to approximately 172,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022. Decreased depreciation resulted from the
capital expenditures being fully depreciated. 

Real
estate and personal property taxes, Insurance and Ground Rent expenses increased approximately 21,000, or 17 , to approximately
 144,000 reported for the three months ended April 30, 2022 compared with approximately 123,000 for the three months ended
April 30, 2021. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Overview
 Hotel Operations Corporate Overhead 

Two
principal sources of cash to meet our cash requirements, include monthly management fees from our two hotels and distributions to our investors of our share of the Partnership s cash flow of the Tucson hotel, and quarterly distributions from the Albuquerque, New Mexico properties.
Potential future real estate hotel sales is another future source of cash. The Partnership s principal source of revenue is hotel
operations for the hotel property it owns in Tucson, Arizona and Albuquerque, New Mexico. Our liquidity, including our ability to make
distributions to our shareholders, will depend upon our ability, and the Partnership s ability, to generate sufficient cash flow
from hotel operations, from management fees, and from the potential sale and/or refinance of the hotel, and to service our debt and the
source of repayment of intercompany loan from Tucson and Albuquerque. 

Hotel
operations were significantly affected by improved occupancy and substantially increased room rates at the Hotels in the Fiscal Year
2022, as the travel industry continues to rebound. 

With
approximately 3.8 million of cash as of April 30, 2022 and the availability of three 250,000 bank lines of credit, and 2,000,000
available from the 2,000,000 related party Demand/Revolving Line of Credit/Promissory Note, and the availability of Advances to
Affiliate credit facilities and available Bank line of Credit, we believe that we will have enough cash on hand to meet all of our financial
obligations as they become due for at least the next twelve months from the issuance date of the these consolidated financial statements.
Our management is analyzing other strategic options available to us, including raising additional funds, asset sales, and benefitting
from clean energy investment cash flow as our diversification investment matures. 

30 

IHT
and InnDependent Boutique Collections Hotels (IBC), agreed to extend the payment schedule on IBC s note receivable to allow IBC
to fully use its revenues to build market share as the hotel industry rebounds. Management believes that with an additional extension
repayment term, that the future collectability of the current carrying value of the note is probable and not subject to further impairment,
or allowance for the Quarter ended April 30, 2022. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be successful in refinancing debt or raising additional or replacement funds, or that these funds may
be available on terms that are favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional or replacement funds, we may be required to sell
certain of our assets to meet our liquidity needs, which may not be on terms that are favorable. 

We
anticipate no additional new-build hotel supply in our markets during the remaining Fiscal Year 2023, and accordingly we anticipate a
continued rebound of revenues and operating margins. We expect challenges for the upcoming fiscal year to be inflation, cost control,
travel, leisure, corporate, group, and government business continued rebound to grow occupancy and further increase room rates while
maintaining and/or building market share. 

Cash
provided by operating activities from continuing operations totaled approximately 92,000 during the three months ended April
30, 2022 as compared to net cash provided of approximately 50,000 during the three months ended April 30, 2021. Consolidated
net income was approximately 376,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 as compared to consolidated net income
for the three months ended April 30, 2021 of approximately 157,000. Explanation of the differences between these fiscal years
are explained above in the results of operations of the Trust. 

Changes
in the adjustments to reconcile net income for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist primarily of operating
lease costs, stock-based compensation, hotel property depreciation, and changes in assets and liabilities. Hotel property depreciation
was approximately 172,000 during the three months ended April 30, 2022 compared to approximately 185,000 during the three months
ended April 30, 2021, a decrease of 13,000 as the Trust recognized less depreciation as capitalized fixed assets became fully
depreciated. 

Changes
in assets and liabilities for accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets and accounts payable and accrued expenses totaled
approximately 105,000 and 30,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This significant decrease
in changes in assets and liabilities for the three months ended April 30, 2022 compared to the three months ended April 30, 2021
was due to the decrease in operating liabilities related to ongoing operations. 

Net
cash used in investing activities totaled approximately 160,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 compared to net cash
used in investing activities of approximately 59,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2021. The increase in net cash used
in activities during the three months ended April 30, 2022 was due primarily due to the additional investment into UniGen in 2022. 

Net
cash provided by (used in) financing activities totaled approximately 2,697,000 and 134,000), respectively, for the
three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021. The increase of approximately 2,831,000 was primarily due to the refinance of
the Tucson Oracle mortgage, offset by repayments to Rare Earth on the Note Payable Related Party. 

Principal
payments on mortgage notes payable for continuing operations was approximately 26,000 and 58,000 during the three months
ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net payments and borrowings on other notes payable was approximately 4,000) and
approximately 22,000) during the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Payments
on notes payables related party, netted against borrowings on note payable related party, was approximately 977,000)
and 605,000) of cash used in financing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

31 

Borrowings
on other notes payables netted against payments on other note payable was approximately 0 and 551,000 of net cash
used in financing activities during the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
had no sales of our IHT stock for cash for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021. 

During
the three months ended April 30, 2022, our distributions to non-controlling interest holders was approximately 156,000 compared
with approximately 0 for the three months ended April 30, 2021. 

We
continue to contribute to a Capital Expenditures Fund (the Fund an amount equal to 4 of our Tucson InnSuites Hotel revenues
from operation of the Hotel. The Fund is restricted by the mortgage lender for our Tucson property. As of April 30, 2022, and 2021,
there were no monies held in these accounts reported on our unaudited condensed consolidated Balance Sheet as Restricted Cash. 
The Fund is intended to be used for capital improvements to the Hotels and refurbishment and replacement of furniture, fixtures and equipment.
During the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, the Hotel spent approximately 50,000 and 59,000 respectively, for capital
expenditures. The capital expenditures were primarily associated with the property improvements at the Hotel, as required to meet continuing
Best Western standards. We consider most of these improvements to be revenue producing. Therefore, these amounts are capitalized and
depreciated over their estimated useful lives. For the remaining Fiscal Year 2023 capital expenditures, we plan on spending less on capital
improvements as we have completed our property improvements at our Tucson, Arizona hotel and our Albuquerque hotel, both of which required
significant amounts of capital improvements in prior periods. Repairs and maintenance were charged to expense as incurred and approximated
 107,000 and 91,000 for the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
have minimum debt payments, net of debt discounts, of approximately 743,000 and approximately 224,000 due during Fiscal
Years 2023 and 2024, respectively. Minimum debt payments due during Fiscal Year 2023 and 2024 include approximately 158,000 and
 224,000 of mortgage notes payable, and approximately 586,000 and 0 of other notes payable, which are secured
promissory notes outstanding to unrelated third parties arising from the Shares of Beneficial Interest and Partnership unit repurchases,
respectively. 

We
may seek to negotiate additional credit facilities or issue debt instruments. Any debt incurred or issued by us may be secured or unsecured,
long-term, medium-term, or short-term, bear interest at a fixed or variable rate and be subject to such other terms as we consider prudent. 

COMPETITION
IN THE HOTEL INDUSTRY 

The
hotel industry is competitive. The hotel industry has been recovering and growing since April, 2021. While none of the Hotels 
competitors dominate any of their geographic markets, some of those competitors may have greater marketing and financial resources than
the Trust. 

32 

Certain
additional hotel property refurbishments have been completed by competitors in both Hotels markets, and additional hotel property
developments may be built in the future. Such hotel developments could have an adverse effect on the revenue of our Hotels in their respective
markets. 

The
Trust s hotel investments are located in Arizona and New Mexico. With the completed renovations at our Tucson, Arizona and Albuquerque,
New Mexico hotel properties, those hotels are expected to see incremental demand during the next 18 months, as supply had been steady
in those respective markets, and is expected to increase. Either an increase in supply or a decline in demand could result in increased
competition, which could have an adverse effect on occupancy, room rates and revenues of our Hotels in their respective markets. The
hotels experienced a decrease in demand due to the impact of virus-related restrictions and reduction of travel after February 1, 2021
to January 31, 2022. The recovery is benefitting our hotels in the First Fiscal Quarter of 2023, February 1, 2022 to April 30, 2022.
This improvement and continued upward trend is expected to continue for the balance of Fiscal Year 2023, through January 31, 2023, as
the Travel Industry continues its recovery. 

The
Trust may not invest further in hotels, but rather diversify into investments such as the investment made by the Trust in December 2019
in the innovative UniGen Power, Inc. (UniGen), efficient clean energy power generation company. The Trust may continue to seek further
diversification through a reverse merger with a larger non-public entity seeking an NYSE-American public stock market listing. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

As
a partial offset to the current hotel industry virus induced drop in demand pressure, the Trust looks to benefit from, and expand, its
UniGen clean energy operation diversification investments in the months, and years ahead. See Note 2 of the unaudited consolidated financial
statements for discussion on UniGen. 

In
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended January 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022, we identified the critical
accounting policies that affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our condensed consolidated financial
statements. We believe that the policies we follow for the valuation of our Hotel properties, which constitute most of our assets, are
our most critical policies which has not changed in the period ended April 30, 2022. Those policies include methods used to recognize
and measure any identified impairment of our Hotel property assets. 

Asset
Impairment 

We
believe that the policies we follow for the valuation of our hotel properties, which constitute most of our assets, are our most critical
policies. The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has issued authoritative guidance related to the impairment or
disposal of long-lived assets, codified in ASC Topic 360-10-35, which we apply to determine when it is necessary to test an asset for
recoverability. On an events and circumstances basis, we review the carrying value of our hotel properties. We will record an impairment
loss and reduce the carrying value of a property when anticipated undiscounted future cash flows and the current market value of the
property do not support it carrying value. In cases where we do not expect to recover the carrying cost of hotel properties held for
use, we will reduce the carrying value to the fair value of the hotel, as determined by a current appraisal or other acceptable valuation
methods. We did not recognize a hotel properties impairment loss for the three months ended April 30, 2022 or 2021. As of April 30, 2022,
our management does not believe that the carrying values of any of our hotel properties are impaired. 

Sale
of Hotel Assets 

Management
believes that our currently owned Hotels are valued at prices that are reasonable in relation to their current fair market value. At
this time, the Trust is unable to predict when, and if, either of its Hotel properties will be sold. The Trust seeks to sell one hotel
per year or both over the next 12-36 months. We believe that each of the assets is available at a price that is reasonable in relation
to its current fair market value. The plan is to work to sell the remaining two hotel properties over the next 12-36 months, and if needed
beyond. 

33 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenues
are primarily derived from the sources below and are recognized as services are rendered and when collectability is reasonably assured.
Amounts received in advance of revenue recognition are considered deferred liabilities and are generally not significant. 

Revenues
primarily consist of room rentals, food and beverage sales, management and trademark fees and other miscellaneous revenues from our properties.
Revenues are recorded when rooms are occupied and when food and beverage sales are delivered. 

Each
room night consumed by a guest with a cancellable reservation represents a contract whereby the Trust has a performance obligation to
provide the room night at an agreed upon price. For cancellable reservations, the Trust recognizes revenue as each performance obligation
(i.e., each room night) is met. Such contract is renewed if the guest continues their stay. For room nights consumed by a guest with
a non-cancellable reservation, the entire reservation period represents the contract term whereby the Trust has a performance obligation
to provide the room night or nights at an agreed upon price. For non-cancellable reservations, the Trust recognizes revenue over the
term of the performance period (i.e., the reservation period) as room nights are consumed. For these reservations, the room rate is typically
fixed over the reservation period. The Trust uses an output method based on performance completed to date (i.e., room nights consumed)
to determine the amount of revenue it recognizes on a daily basis if the length of a non-cancellable reservation exceeds one night since
consumption of room nights indicates when services are transferred to the guest. In certain instances, variable consideration may exist
with respect to the transaction price, such as discounts, coupons and price concessions made upon guest checkout. 

In
evaluating its performance obligation, the Trust bundles the obligation to provide the guest the room itself with other obligations (such
as free Wi-Fi, grab and go breakfast, access to on-site laundry facilities and parking), as the other obligations are not distinct and
separable because the guest cannot benefit from the additional amenities without the consumed room night. The Trust s obligation
to provide the additional items or services is not separately identifiable from the fundamental contractual obligation (i.e., providing
the room and its contents). The Trust has no performance obligations once a guest s stay is complete. 

We
are required to collect certain taxes and fees from customers on behalf of government agencies and remit these back to the applicable
governmental agencies on a periodic basis. We have a legal obligation to act as a collection agent. We do not retain these taxes and
fees and, therefore, they are not included in revenues. We record a liability when the amounts are collected and relieve the liability
when payments are made to the applicable taxing authority or other appropriate governmental agency. 

COMPLIANCE
WITH CONTINUED LISTING STANDARDS OF NYSE AMERICAN 

On
November 15, 2021, the Trust received a letter from the NYSE American indicating it did not meet certain financial requirements to remain
listed, and set a timeframe of 18 months to May 2023, to once again meet those standards of earnings, capitalization, and/or profitability.
The Trust provided the required Plan by December 15, 2021, and the NYSE American has granted the additional 18 months to execute the
Plan. 

IHT
temporarily fell out of compliance with the NYSE-American listing standards due to the Covid related reduction in travel. IHT regained
compliance immediately following its 10-K Filing for the Fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, in May 2022. 

The
Trust s Management believes it is now fully compliant with the Continued Listing Standards Equity Requirements of the NYSE-American. 

34 

NON-GAAP
FINANCIAL MEASURES 

The
following non-GAAP presentations of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA and
funds from operations FFO are made to assist our investors in evaluating our operating performance. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest expense, amortization of loan costs, interest income, income taxes, depreciation and amortization,
and non-controlling interests in the Trust. We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe these measurements (a) more accurately reflect
the ongoing performance of our hotel real estate assets and other investments, (b) provide more useful information to investors as indicators
of our ability to meet our future debt payments and working capital requirements, and (c) provide an overall evaluation of our financial
condition. Adjusted EBITDA as calculated by us may not be comparable to Adjusted EBITDA reported by other companies that do not define
Adjusted EBITDA exactly as we define the term. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined
in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to (a) GAAP net income or loss as an indication of our financial
performance or (b) GAAP cash flows from operating activities as a measure of our liquidity. 

A
reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and three months ended April
30, 2022 and 2021 is approximately as follows: 

Three Months Ended April 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 
 188,000 
 (106,000 
 
 Add back: 

Depreciation 
 172,000 
 185,000 
 
 Interest expense 
 135,000 
 90,000 
 
 Less: 

Interest Income 
 (16,000 
 (454,000 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 479,000 
 (285,000 

FFO
is calculated on the basis defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ),
which is net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses on sales
of properties, asset impairment adjustments, and extraordinary items as defined by GAAP, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate
assets, and after adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures and non-controlling interests in the operating partnership. NAREIT developed
FFO as a relative measure of performance of an equity REIT to recognize that income-producing real estate historically has not depreciated
on the basis determined by GAAP. The Trust is an unincorporated Ohio real estate investment trust; however, the Trust is not a real estate
investment trust for federal taxation purposes. Management uses this measurement to compare itself to REITs with similar depreciable
assets. We consider FFO to be an appropriate measure of our ongoing normalized operating performance. We compute FFO in accordance with
our interpretation of standards established by NAREIT, which may not be comparable to FFO reported by other companies that either do
not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or interpret the NAREIT definition differently than us. FFO does
not represent cash generated from operating activities as determined by GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to (a) GAAP
net income or loss as an indication of our financial performance or (b) GAAP cash flows from operating activities as a measure of our
liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to satisfy our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. However,
to facilitate a clear understanding of our historical operating results, we believe that FFO should be considered along with our net
income or loss and cash flows reported in the consolidated financial statements. 

35 

An
approximate reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests to FFO for the three and three months ended April
30, 2022 and 2021: 

Three Months Ended April 30, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 
 188,000 
 (106,000 
 
 Add back: 

Depreciation 
 172,000 
 185,000 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 188,000 
 264,000 
 
 FFO 
 548,000 
 343,000 

FUTURE
POSITIONING 

In
viewing the hotel industry cycles, recently reconfirmed by the disruption of travel and hospitality, the Board of Trustees determined
that it was appropriate to continue to actively seek buyers for our two remaining Hotel properties. We continue to make our Tucson Hotel
and Albuquerque Hotel available for sale at market value, on the website www.suitehotelsrealty.com. 

The
table below provides book values, mortgage balances and listed asking price for the Hotels. 

Hotel Property 
 Book Value 
 Mortgage 
 Balance 
 Estimated Market Asking Price 
 
 Albuquerque 
 1,181,154 
 1,299,000 
 8,595,000 
 
 Tucson Oracle 
 6,346,071 
 8,447,000 
 17,950,000 

7,527,225 
 9,746,000 
 26,545,000 

The
 Estimated Market Asking Price is the amount at which we believe would sell each of the Hotels and is adjusted to reflect
hotel sales in the Hotels areas of operation and projected upcoming 12 month earnings of each of the Hotels. The Estimated Market
Asking Price is not based on appraisals of the properties. 

We
have from time to time listed each of the properties with a local real estate hotel broker who has successfully sold five of our hotel
properties and we believe that each of the assets are being marketed at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value.
We plan to sell our remaining two Hotel properties one within 12-36 months, based on current fair market value feedback received by our
local hotel real estate property professional brokers, who specialize in the selling/buying hotel real estate properties. We can provide
no assurance that we will be able to sell either or both of the Hotel properties on terms favorable to us or within our expected time
frame, or at all. 

Although
believed feasible, we may be unable to realize the asking price for the individual Hotel properties or to sell and/or refinance one or
both. However, we believe that the asking price values are reasonable based on rebounding local market conditions, comparable sales,
and anticipated upturns in occupancy, rates, and profits per hotel. Changes in market conditions have in part resulted, and may in the
future result, in our changing one or all of the asking prices. 

Our
long-term strategic plan is to obtain the full benefit of our real estate equity, to benefit from our UniGen Power, Inc., (UniGen) clean
energy operation diversified investment, and to pursue a merger with another company, likely a private larger entity that seeks to go
public to list on the NYSE AMERICAN Exchange. 

SHARE
REPURCHASE PROGRAM 

For
information on the Trust s Share Repurchase Program, see Part II, Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. of our most recent 10-K Annual Report filed on May 27,
2022. The stock and unit Repurchase Program was highly successful during the Covid-19 Pandemic, throughout Fiscal Year 2022 (February
1, 2021 to January 31, 2022). We plan to continue and accelerate the stock and unit buy backs in the current Fiscal Year 2023. 

36 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or liabilities. We do not have any majority-owned or controlled subsidiaries
that are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 

SEASONALITY 

The
Hotels operations historically have been somewhat seasonal. The Tucson Hotel typically experiences its highest occupancy in the
first fiscal quarter and, to a lesser extent, the fourth fiscal quarter (the winter high season). The second fiscal quarter tends to
be the lowest occupancy period at the Tucson Hotel. This seasonality pattern can be expected to cause fluctuations in the Trust s
quarterly revenues. The hotel located in New Mexico historically experiences their most profitable periods during the second and third
fiscal quarters (the summer high season), providing balance to the general seasonality of the Trust s hotel business. 

The
seasonal nature of the Trust s business increases its vulnerability to risks such as labor force shortages and cash flow issues.
Further, if an adverse event such as an actual or threatened terrorist attack, viral outbreak or pandemic, international conflict, data
breach, regional economic downturn or poor weather conditions should occur during the high season, the adverse impact to the Trust s
revenues could likely be greater as a result of its seasonal business. 

INFLATION 

We
rely entirely on the performance of the Hotels and InnSuites Hotels ability to increase revenue to keep pace with inflation. Operators
of hotels in general, and InnSuites Hotels in particular, can change room rates quickly, but competitive pressures may limit InnSuites
Hotels ability to raise rates as fast as or faster than inflation. 

INVESTMENT
IN UNIGEN POWER, INC. 

On
December 16, 2019, the Trust entered into a Convertible Debenture Purchase Agreement with UniGen Power Inc. UniGen ). 

The
Trust purchased secured convertible debentures Debentures in the aggregate amount of 1,000,000 (the Loan Amount (the Loan at an annual interest rate of 6 (approximately 15,000 per quarter). The Debentures are convertible into 1,000,000
Class A shares of UniGen Common Stock at an initial conversion rate of 1.00 per share. 

UniGen
issued the Trust common stock purchase warrants (the Debenture Warrants including to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock. The Debenture Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 1.00 per share of Class A Common Stock. 

UniGen,
also, issued the Trust additional common stock purchase warrants Additional Warrants to purchase up to 200,000 shares
and another 300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock. The Additional Warrants are exercisable at an exercise price of 2.25 per share of
Class A Common Stock. 

UniGen
has also agreed to allow IHT to fund a 500,000 line of credit at the option of IHT convertible into 500,000 shares of UniGen stock at
 1 per share. The balance on this line of credit as of January 31, 2022 is 0. 

The
total of all stock ownership upon conversion of the note receivable is 1 million shares and if all stock warrants available but not outstanding
are exercised, these would total approximately 3 million UniGen shares, which amounts to approximately 25 of fully diluted UniGen equity. 

On
the Trust s balance sheet, the investment of the 1,000,000 consists of approximately 700,000 in note receivables and approximately
 300,000 as the fair value of the warrant issued with the Trust s investment in UniGen. The value of the premium related to the
fair value of the warrants will accrete over the life of the debentures. 

Privately
held UniGen Power, Inc. (UniGen) is developing a patented high profit potential new efficient clean energy generation innovation. The
investment is valued at fair value (level 3), as defined in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. There is no Investment Commitment
to UniGen requiring any restriction of cash. IHT has indicated its intention to exercise an additional 190,000 investment in 1 warrants
in October and November, 2022. 

37 

UniGen
is currently in pursuit of three additional valuable patents. 

UniGen
Power Inc. management recently reported substantial progress on several fronts of the InnSuites Hospitality Trust (IHT) efficient clean
energy innovation diversification investment including the following: 

1.
Despite Covid travel and supply chain disruptions including reshoring of a portion of UniGen parts, UniGen management
targets the UPI 1000 NG first prototype to be in operation on or before December 2022 subject to continuing supply chain delay
challenges, and UniGen cash available. 

2.
Due to Covid, global economic events, an increasingly unreliable American power grid, inflation, and supply chain pressures, the UniGen
marketing team estimates market position has grown and the planned power plant price has been increased. The initial order for thirty
units was recently reaffirmed. 

3.
UniGen Recently raised an additional 1.3 million through early existing UniGen warrant exercises, including a 190,000 additional commitment
from IHT as part of a pre-production GenSet capital raise. 

UniGen
continues to seek additional development and pre-production financing. 

James
Wirth (President) and Marc Berg (Executive Vice President) both lack significant control. They have two of the six Board of Directors
seats or 33 and were elected in December 2019 to serve on the board of UNIGEN to closely monitor and assist in the success of this potentially
power industry disruptive relatively clean energy generation innovation. 

ITEM
3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), means controls and other procedures of a company that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Based on this
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (CEO), and our Chief Financial Officer (CFO), concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not fully effective as of April 30, 2022. 

Our
management, including our CEO and CFO, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision
of the Trust s CEO and CFO and effected by the Trust s Board of Trustees, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

38 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Assessment
of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management s assessment, management concluded our internal control over
financial reporting was not fully effective as of April 30, 2022. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

We
need to take appropriate and reasonable steps to make necessary improvements to our Accounting staff and internal control over financial
reporting, which will require management to support the hiring and training of sufficient personnel with appropriate training and expertise
in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. This increase to staffing and training will allow us to make the necessary
improvements, including: 

Continuing
 to improve the control environment through (i) being staffed with sufficient number of personnel to address segregation of duties
 issues, ineffective controls and to perform control monitoring activities, (ii) increasing the level of GAAP knowledge by retaining
 additional technical accountants, (iii) implementing formal process to account for non-standard transactions, and (iv) implementing
 and formalizing management oversight of financial reporting at regular intervals; 

Continuing
 to update the documentation of our internal control processes, including implementing formal risk assessment processes and entity
 level controls; 

Implementing
 control activities that address relevant risks and assure that all transactions are subject to such control activities; Ensure systems
 that impact financial information and disclosures have effective information technology controls; 

Implementing
 plan to increase oversight and review of ad hoc spreadsheets while also working to reduce their use; 

We
 are in the process of further enhancing the supervisory procedures to include additional
 levels of analysis and quality control reviews within the accounting and financial reporting
 functions; and 

We
 previously filled the previously vacant position of Chief Financial Officer (CFO), to assist with the Trust s internal controls
 oversight. 

We
believe that the remediation measures described above have and will continue to strengthen our internal control over financial reporting
and remediate the material weaknesses we have identified. We expect these remediation efforts will be implemented throughout Fiscal Year
2023. 

Despite
the deficiencies reported above, our management believes that our financial statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the three months ended April 30, 2022 fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows for the periods presented and that this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the periods covered by this report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended April 30, 2022 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We have had significant turnover in our
accounting department over the last 36 months. Continued training and experience should further assist with the Trust s stability,
technical accounting, and internal control issues. 

39 

PART
II 

OTHER
INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to COVID-19 

In
Fiscal year 2022, ended January 31, 2022, COVID-19 had shrinking impact on our business, financial results and liquidity. The start of
Fiscal Year 2023, starting February 1, 2022 and ending January 31, 2023, has shown significantly strong rebound and encouraging progress,
with signs of future additional recovery imminent. 

COVID-19
and its consequences previously reduced travel and demand for hotel rooms, which previously had an impact our business, operations, and
financial results. We believe that lodging demand and revenue level is rebounding and close to fully recovery. The extent to which COVID-19
currently impacts our business, operations, and financial results, including the duration and magnitude of such effects, is diminished
and negligible. The negative impact COVID-19 had on global and regional economies and economic activity, including the duration and magnitude
of its impact on unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending has been reduced significantly, and its short and longer-term
impact on the demand for travel, transient and group business, and levels of consumer confidence is no longer a considered much of a
factor for Fiscal Year 2023, (February 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023). 

ITEM
2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Holders
of the Trust s Shares of Beneficial Interest are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Trustees of
the Trust out of funds legally available. The holders of Shares of Beneficial Interest, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-down
of the Trust, are entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining after payment in full of all liabilities of the Trust. The Shares
of Beneficial Interest possess ordinary voting rights, each share entitling the holder thereof to one vote. Holders of Shares of Beneficial
Interest do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of Trustees and do not have preemptive rights. 

For
the three months ended April 30, 2022 and 2021, the Trust repurchased 15,795 and 0 Shares of Beneficial Interest at an average
price of 2.53 and 0 per share, respectively. The average price paid includes brokerage commissions. The Trust intends
to continue repurchasing Shares of Beneficial Interest in compliance with applicable legal and NYSE AMERICAN requirements. The Trust s
management believes the Trust share price does not fully recognize the Trust s full value and/or full potential. During the three
months ended April 30, 2022, the Trust acquired 0 Shares of Beneficial Interest in open market transactions. During Fiscal Year 2022
(February 1, 2021 to January 31, 2022), the Trust repurchased 44,076 IHT Shares at an average price of 2.96 per share. 

40 

ITEM
3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

ITEM
5. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 Section
 302 Certification by Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 
 Section
 302 Certification by Chief Financial Officer 

32.1

Section
 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

101 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Exhibits 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL
document) 

+
Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement. 

Furnished, note filed. 

41 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

INNSUITES
 HOSPITALITY TRUST 

Date:
 July 1, 2022 
 /s/
 James F. Wirth 

James
 F. Wirth 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 July 1, 2022 
 /s/
 Sylvin R. Lange 

Sylvin
 R. Lange 

Sylvin
 Lange, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

42 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I,
James F. Wirth, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of InnSuites Hospitality Trust; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 July 1, 2022 

/s/
 James F. Wirth 

James
 F. Wirth 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I,
Sylvin R. Lange, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of InnSuites Hospitality Trust; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 July 1, 2022 

/s/
 Sylvin R. Lange 

Sylvin
 R. Lange 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the filing of the Quarterly Report of InnSuites Hospitality Trust (the Trust on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended April 30, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on or about the date hereof
(the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Trust certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge: 

1. 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Trust. 

Date:
 July 1, 2022 
 /s/
 James F. Wirth 

James
 F. Wirth 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

/s/
 Sylvin R. Lange 

Sylvin
 R. Lange 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Trust and will be retained by the Trust and furnished to the SEC or
its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 iht-20220430.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 iht-20220430_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 iht-20220430_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 iht-20220430_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

