<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20220701_10-K_edgar_data_1173204_0001213900-22-036616.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10640578</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>751936</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1780447</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2955605</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2486140</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2327798</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-22-036616.hdr.sgml : 20220701
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20220701141547
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-22-036616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20220701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20220701

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cinedigm Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001173204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-VIDEO TAPE RENTAL [7841]
		IRS NUMBER:				223720962
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31810
		FILM NUMBER:		221060845

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		237 WEST 35TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 605
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-206-8600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		237 WEST 35TH STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 605
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10001

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091006

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Access Integrated Technologies, Inc. d/b/a Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20081202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACCESS INTEGRATED TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-22-036616.txt : 20220701

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cinedigmcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered GLOBAL MARKET 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the issuer based on a price of 2.51 per share, the closing price of such
common equity on the Nasdaq Global Market, as of September 30, 2021, was . For purposes of the foregoing calculation, all
directors, officers and shareholders who beneficially own 10 of the shares of such common equity have been deemed to be affiliates, but
the Company disclaims that any of such persons are affiliates. 

As of June 27, 2022, 
shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.001 par value were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

NONE. 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING
 STATEMENTS 
 ii 

PART
 I 
 1 

ITEM
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART
 II 
 23 

ITEM
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 41 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 42 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 42 

PART
 III 
 43 

ITEM
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 49 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 60 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 61 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 61 

PART
 IV 
 63 

ITEM
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 63 

SIGNATURES 
 69 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Various statements contained in this report or incorporated by reference
into this report constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements are based on current expectations and are indicated by words or phrases such as believe, expect, 
 may, will, should, seek, plan, intend or anticipate 
or the negative thereof or comparable terminology, or by discussion of strategy. Forward-looking statements represent as of the date of
this report our judgment relating to, among other things, future results of operations, growth plans, sales, capital requirements and
general industry and business conditions applicable to us. Such forward-looking statements are based largely on our current expectations
and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those that are anticipated or projected
as a result of certain risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, a number of factors, such as: 

successful
execution of our business strategy, particularly for new endeavors; 

the
performance of our targeted markets; 

competitive
product and pricing pressures; 

changes
in business relationships with our major customers; 

successful
integration of acquired businesses; 

the
content we distribute through our in-theatre, on-line and mobile services may expose us to liability; 

general
economic and market conditions; 

our
financial condition and financial flexibility, including, but not limited to, our ability to obtain necessary financing for our business
as and when needed; 

disruptions
to our business due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including workforce inability to perform in the ordinary course due to illness or access restrictions; and 

the
other risks and uncertainties that are set forth in Item 1, Business , Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 7, Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable
factors could also have material adverse effects on future results. Except as otherwise required to be disclosed in periodic reports required
to be filed by public companies with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to the SEC s rules, we have no
duty to update these statements, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as
a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In light of these risks and uncertainties, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking
information contained in this report will in fact transpire. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW 

Cinedigm Corp. was incorporated in Delaware on March 31, 2000 Cinedigm ,
 us , our , and Company refers to Cinedigm Corp. and its subsidiaries unless the context otherwise
requires). Cinedigm is (i) a leading independent distributor and aggregator of independent music, television, and other short form content
rights distributed across digital, over-the-top (OTT), physical, and home and mobile entertainment platforms as well as (ii) a leading
servicer of digital cinema assets on over 2,843 domestic and several international countries. 

Over the past several years, Cinedigm has transformed itself from being
a digital cinema equipment and physical content distributor to a leading independent streaming company with the planned
phasing out of its legacy projector division. 

Cinedigm is a leading independent streaming entertainment company serving
global enthusiast fan bases. Since our inception, we have played a significant role in the digital distribution revolution that continues
to transform the media and entertainment landscape. Cinedigm delivers high-quality, curated content through subscription video on demand
(SVOD) and dedicated ad-supported (AVOD) and free, ad-supported streaming linear (FAST) channels. 

Cinedigm s broad portfolio enables the Company to achieve significant
market share on every key consumer streaming device and platform. As the Company obtains high-growth distribution territories globally,
the Company expects each of these channels to generate high-margin revenues to Cinedigm. As its channel portfolio has grown, the Company s
viewership and subscription metrics have grown significantly. The Company currently reaches over 23.8 million streaming channel monthly
active viewers. The Company has rights to a library of over 33,000 film TV assets, 16 different enthusiast streaming brands across
19 live streaming channels, and over 640,000 subscribers (SVOD) reaching 900 million unique streaming devices globally. 

Cinedigm has been a technological pioneer over its history and continues
to be one today. Through its world-class, proprietary streaming technology, the Company has become a partner of choice for content producers,
rightsholders, and major media companies seeking to monetize their content in the streaming ecosystem. The Company s streaming technology
platform, known as Matchpoint TM , is a software-as-a-service platform which automates the distribution of streaming content
and OTT channels. The Company has a long legacy in using technology to transform the entertainment industry, and played a pioneering role
in transitioning over 11,000 movie screens from traditional analog film prints to digital distribution. 

Cinedigm is a leading distributor of independent film and television
content. The Company operates a growing portfolio of owned and operated over-the-top OTT streaming entertainment channels.
The Company distributes content for major brands such as Hallmark, Televisa, ITV, Nelvana, ZDF, Konami, NFL, and NHL as well as leading
international and domestic content creators, movie producers, television producers and other short form digital content producers. Cinedigm
collaborates with producers, major brands and other IP owners to market, source, curate and distribute quality content to targeted audiences
through (i) existing and emerging digital home entertainment platforms, including Apple, Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, Xbox, Tubi, PlutoTV,
Vudu and cable/satellite video-on-demand VOD and (ii) packaged distribution of DVD and Blu-ray discs to wholesalers and
retailers with sales coverage to over 48,000 retail storefronts, including Walmart, Target, Best Buy and Amazon. 

The Company is well positioned in a changing media and entertainment
landscape. Cinedigm is capitalizing on an evolving competitive environment where the top of the streaming industry is consolidating including
competitors such as Netflix, Amazon Prime, Hulu and Disney Plus while Cinedigm has a complimentary offering as a leading independent distributor
with a focus on the enthusiast segment of the market. The Company believes the enthusiast segment, focusing on audiences and genres underserved
by the major streamers, will be a significant opportunity on a global basis. Today, the Company operates channels in numerous specialty
sectors, including faith and family, science fiction, horror, kids, and other major segments. Given our extensive experience in operating
and distributing enthusiast content, as well as the Company s significantly improved financial position, the Company has begun executing
an M A roll-up strategy with a focus on enthusiast channels, content, and supporting technology. Over the past two years, the Company
has acquired numerous channels and content libraries. The Company is actively focused on integrating the most recent acquisitions, as
well as building and launching a variety of associated critical products, including: Fantawild, Fandor, The Film Detective, Screambox,
Films Around the World, Bloody Disgusting, DMR, and other initiatives driving major technological changes in the entertainment industry. 

1 

The Company will continue to pursue accretive M A opportunities
in order to grow profitably and fortify its competitive advantage. The Company has completed integrated six accretive acquisitions
between October 2020 and March 31, 2022 with ongoing active M A pipeline. As part of its M A strategy, the Company is: 

Executing on roll-up by completing several content related acquisitions enabling monetization; 

Focused on acquiring higher quality content and streaming channels; 

Exploring opportunities for new technology and other revenue channels including NFTs, ecommerce, podcasts and merchandise; and 

Leveraging its proprietary tech platform (Matchpoint TM ), which allows for on-boarding multiple acquisitions concurrently. 

Some of the evolving consumer habits that are driving consumption of
streaming and OTT content include: 

Continued cord-cutting resulting in an increase in SVOD 
AVOD migration, 

Consumer preference towards third party channels and content platforms, 

The rapid adoption of connected televisions and other dedicated streaming
devices, 

A rapid rise in consumption of ad-based content, 

Increasing demand for underserved content; and 

Growth trend in youth (kids) media consumption across multiple devices and
brands. 

The Company believes it is positioned to deliver sustained profitable
growth in the future by executing on several key initiatives: 

Content : Delivering high-quality, curated content through subscription
video on demand (SVOD) and dedicated ad-supported (AVOD) and free, ad-supported streaming (FAST) channels 

Technology Distribution : 

o Dramatically expanding streaming content business through its Matchpoint platform, 

o Launching and scaling our channel portfolio including the building of an umbrella streaming service encompassing all of the
Company s brands. 

o Accelerating the Company s device and platform reach, which has
exceeded 700 million consumer devices, and establishing key strategic advantages through partnership deals with connected
streaming TV including Samsung, Roku and Vizio, as well as large OEM s, cable companies and technology platforms including Sinclair
Broadcast Group, Samsung, Comcast Xfinity, Roku, Amazon, Vewd and Vizio, and others. 

o Licensing film and TV content to every key player in OTT streaming ecosystem with Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google. 

Audience : Growing viewership and subscription numbers significantly
beyond our current base of more than 23 million viewers to potentially hundreds of millions of global viewers across billions of connected
devices. 

Financial Performance/Metrics : 

o Driving EBITDA through incremental revenue growth from new channel launches, expansion of distribution, improved monetization and
partnerships, and continuous efforts on cost mitigation. 

2 

The Company announced its acquisition of FoundationTV on March 8, 2021,
which acquisition was consummated on June 14, 2021, and the formation of Cinedigm India, its wholly-owned subsidiary formed to house FoundationTV.
In addition to powering Cinedigm s portfolio of streaming channels and digital video distribution business, the new division will
allow Cinedigm to expand their global streaming footprint. The Company is developing a channel umbrella with global reach,
which is expected to further enable growth and profitability. 

As previously announced, on December 27, 2019, the Company entered
into, and on February 14, 2020 amended, (see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ), a stock purchase agreement (as
so amended, the Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement with BeiTai Investment LP BeiTai ), a related party for
accounting purposes of Cinedigm, and Aim Right Ventures Limited Aim Right ), two shareholders of A Metaverse Company, a
leading Chinese entertainment company Metaverse ), formerly Starrise Media Holdings
Limited, and related party, to buy from them an aggregate of 410,901,000 outstanding Metaverse ordinary shares (the Metaverse
Share Acquisition ). On February 14, 2020, the Company purchased 162,162,162 of the Metaverse ordinary shares from BeiTai and issued
to BeiTai 21,646,604 shares of its Class A common stock in consideration. On April 10, 2020, the Company, in accordance with the terms
of the Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement, terminated its obligation to purchase Metaverse ordinary shares from Aim Right under the December
27, 2019 stock purchase agreement. 

On April 10, 2020, the Company entered into another stock purchase
agreement (the April Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement with five (5) shareholders of Metaverse - Bison Global Investment
SPC - Bison Global No. 1 SP, Huatai Investment LP, Antai Investment LP, Mingtai Investment LP and Shangtai Asset Management LP - to buy
an aggregate of 223,380,000 outstanding Metaverse ordinary shares from them and for the Company to issue to them an aggregate of 29,855,081
shares of its Class A common stock in consideration therefor (the April Metaverse Share Acquisition ). On April 15, 2020,
the April Metaverse Share Acquisition was consummated and this transaction was also recorded as an equity investment in Metaverse. Mingtai
is indirectly managed by a subsidiary BFGL, which is controlled by Peixin Xu, one of our directors. BFGL s subsidiary acts as a manager
of Bison Global. Shangtai and Hutai are indirectly managed by a subsidiary of BFGL. Peixin Xu controls the manager of the general partner
of Antai. 

As of March 31, 2022, the market value of Cinedigm s ownership
in A Metaverse Company Metaverse ordinary shares was approximately 7.03 million. 

On October 11, 2019, the Company received a letter from the Listing
Qualifications staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), for the prior 30 consecutive business days, the Company
no longer met the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share (the Bid Price Rule ), as set forth in Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). 

On December 18, 2019, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating
that the Company no longer met the requirement to maintain a minimum market value of publicly held shares of 15,000,000 (the MVPHS
Rule ), as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(3)(C). 

On April 17, 2020, the Company received notice from Nasdaq that it
has suspended, effective April 16, 2020 and until June 30, 2020, relevant grace periods to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule and
the MVPHS Rule due to the global market impact caused by COVID-19. Specifically, (x) no delisting would occur until July 1, 2020, and
any extension to reach compliance with the Bid Price Rule, if granted by the Panel, would be further extended by the duration of the suspension,
and (y) the Company now had until August 29, 2020 to regain compliance with the MVPHS Rule. 

On May 7, 2020, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that the previously
disclosed MVPHS Rule deficiency had been cured, that the Company was in compliance, and that Nasdaq considered the matter closed. 

On June 17, 2020, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that the previously
disclosed Bid Price Rule had been cured and that the Company was in compliance, and that Nasdaq considered the matter closed. 

On October 5, 2020, the Company received a letter from the Nasdaq indicating
that the Company no longer met the Bid Price Rule. 

On February 2, 2021, the Company was notified by Nasdaq that the previously
disclosed Bid Price Rule had been cured and that the Company was in compliance, and that Nasdaq considered the matter closed. 

On April 4, 2022, the Company received a letter from the Nasdaq indicating
that the Company no longer met the Bid Price Rule. 

3 

Risk and Uncertainties 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic repercussions created significant
volatility and uncertainty impacting the Company s results for the year. As part of our Content Entertainment business, the
Company sells DVDs and Blu-ray discs at brick-and-mortar stores. With the closure of non-essential retail stores beginning in the spring
of 2020, the sale of physical discs through our retail partners declined although this was partially offset by digital purchases of physical
product. As part of our Cinema Equipment business, the Company earns revenue when movies are exhibited in theaters. Many movie theaters
in the United States slowly re-opened with limited capacities through March 31, 2022. The majority of major studios resumed blockbuster
films releases during the year which showed an encouraging return of consumer confidence for the theatrical experience. As vaccines became
readily available and COVID cases decreased, major studios resumed theatrical releases and there was an uptick in box office revenue during
the period ending March 31, 2022. 

Longer term, there had been speculation that the future of theatrical
release strategies could change as a result of Major Studios being able to release movies simultaneously in theatres and on streaming
platforms during the pandemic. If fewer movies are released theatrically, a shift to digital viewing reduces revenue opportunities for
virtual print fees and sales of digital cinema equipment. While Studios are still in an experimentation phase regarding theatrical/streaming
strategies we are encouraged by the success of recent exclusive theatrical releases such as Sony s Spider-Man: No Way Home ,
which became the first movie since the pandemic to hit 1 billion globally with no current plans to premiere on any streaming platforms. 

CONTENT ENTERTAINMENT 

Content Distribution and our Enthusiast Streaming Channels 

Cinedigm Entertainment Group, or CEG, is a leading independent content
distributor in North America. We are unique among most independent distributors because of our direct relationships with thousands of
digital as well as physical retail locations, including Walmart, Target, Apple, Netflix and Amazon, as well as the national Video on Demand
platforms. Our library of films and television episodes encompasses award winning documentaries from Docurama Films , acclaimed independent
films, festival picks and a wide range of content from brand name suppliers, including Scholastic, NFL, Konami and Hallmark. 

Additionally, we are leveraging our infrastructure, technology, content
and distribution expertise to rapidly and cost effectively build and expand our streaming digital network businesses, which operates as
Cinedigm Networks. 

The Company currently operates 16 different enthusiast streaming brands
across 19 live streaming channels under a wide array of business models: 

Our Subscription Video on Demand (SVOD) Services consist of: 

Docurama a documentary and nonfiction streaming service launched
in September 2014; 

CONtv a fandom-centric service focused on comics, genre films and
geek culture, launched in March 2015; 

Dove Channel a faith and family entertainment service launched in
August 2015; 

Viewster Anime a Japanese Anime streaming service acquired in February,
2018; 

Fandor an independent film streaming service, acquired in January
2021; and 

Screambox a horror streaming service acquired in February 2021. 

Our Ad-Supported Video on Demand (AVOD) or Free Ad Supported Streaming
Television Channels consist of: 

Dove Channel a faith and family linear channel launched in 2017; 

Docurama a documentary and nonfiction linear channel launched in
2018; 

CONtv a fandom-centric linear channel launched in 2018; 

Comedy Dynamics a comedy linear channel launched in 2019; 

The Bob Ross Channel, a lifestyle linear channel launched in 2020; 

MyTime, a women s entertainment linear channel, launched in 2020; 

WhistleTV a sports lifestyle channel launched in 2020, ended December 31, 2021; 

4 

CONtv Anime, an anime linear channel launched in 2020; 

Bloody Disgusting TV a horror linear channel launched in 2020; 

The Film Detective a classic film linear channel and on demand platform
acquired in 2020; and 

Lone Star a classic western channel and on demand platform acquired
in 2020; 

Real Madrid TV a sports and lifestyle linear channel launched
in 2021; 

The Only Way is Essex a British reality and content linear
channel launched in 2021; 

El Rey a Latino centric linear channel launched in 2021; 

The Country Network a country music lifestyle linear channel
launched in 2021; 

So Real a reality TV and documentary enthusiast linear
channel launched in 2020; 

Asian Crush a pan-Asian culture and lifestyle linear channel
acquired in March 2022; 

Retro Crush a classic anime linear channel acquired in March
2022; 

Cocoro a kid and family centric Asian linear channel acquired
in March 2022; 

KMTV a Korean-pop linear channel acquired in March 2022; 

Yuyu a general programming adjunct linear channel acquired
in March 2022; 

Midnight Pulp a horror, thriller and cult linear channel acquired
in March 2022. 

From time to time, the company will announce channel development deals
with a variety of media companies. The timeline for planning and launching a channel varies from months to years and is also dependent
on carriage conversations with a wide array of platforms and distributors. We announced three channels in 2020 that remain in development
through 2022: 

LIVX, a music and entertainment channel 

Party Crashers, a political news channel 

AudPop, a short form entertainment channel 

The digital channels market is a nascent industry, and from time to
time, the Company will cease operating or distributing channels that do not find adequate audiences or meet the needs of platforms or
audiences. In fiscal year 2021, we elected to cease operating or distributing the following channels: 

Bambu, a Chinese entertainment linear channel owned and operated by Cinedigm; 

Hallypop, a Korean music and lifestyle linear channel distributed by Cinedigm;
and 

CombatGo, an international combat sports linear channel distributed by Cinedigm; 

We distribute our streaming channels in several distinct ways: direct
to consumer, through major application platforms such as the web, iOS, Android, Roku, Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Vizio, and Samsung; and through
third party distributors of content on platforms such as Amazon Prime, Twitch, Xumo and Sling/Dish, and a wide variety of
Smart TV manufacturers globally. Through our rapidly expanding base of distribution arrangements, Cinedigm has an estimated addressable
device footprint of more than 330 million devices in North America and more than 370 million internationally. Our focus in
the near term will be to expand our market position in the FAST and AVOD divisions of the streaming industry, taking advantage of the
shift of more than 70 billion dollars in television advertising revenue to the OTT market. We believe our scaled channel portfolio, our
superior capabilities in launching and managing channels at scale, and our strategic partnerships with key content owners and platforms
will provide us a strategic advantage to gain considerable market share in the immediate future. 

5 

Our Strategy 

The shift from traditional entertainment consumption to streaming is
accelerating. We believe that our large library of film and television episodes, long-standing relationships with digital platforms, state
of the art technologies and years of experience operating and growing streaming audiences (collectively, our Streaming business)
will allow us to continue to build a diversified portfolio of enthusiasts OTT channels that generate recurring revenue streams from advertising,
merchandising and subscriptions. We believe that our success, market leadership and scale will continue to attract strong brands and media
companies who bring name recognition, high-quality film and television content, and strong marketing support. 

We believe that we are well positioned to succeed
in the streaming channel business for the following key reasons: 

More
than 13 years of experience as a primary distributor of content to scale third party OTT platforms such as Netflix, Hulu, Amazon Prime,
Apple iTunes and more, and nearly seven years of history operating OTT channels with millions of downloads, hundreds of thousands of
registered users, and hundreds of millions of discrete data points on our customer s behavior and preferences; 

The
depth and breadth of our almost 33,000 title film and television episode library; 

Our
digital assets and deep, long-standing relationships as launch partners that cover the major digital platforms and devices; 

Our
marketing expertise; 

Our
flexible releasing strategies, which differ from larger entertainment companies that need to protect their legacy businesses; 

Our
proprietary streaming technology enabling us to operate at scale and at lower operating costs than our competitors; and 

Our
experienced management team. 

Intellectual Property 

We own certain copyrights, trademarks and Internet
domain names in connection with the Content Entertainment business. We view these proprietary rights as valuable assets. We maintain
registrations, where appropriate, to protect them and monitor them on an ongoing basis. 

Customers 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, two customers, Amazon
and Distribution Solutions each represented 18 and 25 respectively of CEG s revenues and approximately 6 and 8 , respectively,
of our consolidated revenues. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, Amazon and Distribution Solutions
represented 15 and 22 respectively of CEG s revenues and approximately 9 and 13 , respectively, of our consolidated Revenues. 

Competition 

Numerous companies are engaged in various forms
of producing and distributing independent movies and alternative content. These competitors may have significantly greater financial,
marketing and managerial resources than we do, may have generated greater revenue and may be better known than we are at this time. 

Competitors to our Content Entertainment and Digital Networks
segment are Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment, Inc. and RLI/American Multi-Cinema, Inc. 

6 

CINEMA EQUIPMENT BUSINESS 

The Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment operations consist of
the following: 

Operations of: 
 
 Products and services provided: 

Cinema Equipment Business 

Financing vehicles and administrators for 696 Systems (as defined below)
installed nationwide in our first deployment phase Phase I Deployment to theatrical exhibitors and for 2,147 Systems installed
domestically and internationally in our second deployment phase Phase II Deployment ). 
 
 We retain ownership of our digital cinema equipment (the Systems and the residual cash flows related to the Systems in
 Phase I Deployment after the after the end of the 10-year deployment payment period. 
 For certain Phase II Deployment Systems, we do not retain ownership
 of the residual cash flows and digital cinema equipment in Phase II Deployment after the completion of cost recoupment and at the expiration
 of the exhibitor master license agreements. 
 
 The Cinema Equipment Business also provides monitoring, collection, verification and management services to this segment, as well as to
 exhibitors who purchase their own equipment, and also collects and disburses VPFs from motion picture studios, and distributors and ACFs
 from alternative content providers, movie exhibitors and theatrical exhibitors (collectively, Services ). 

PHASE I DEPLOYMENT AND PHASE II DEPLOYMENT 

In June 2005, we formed our Phase I Deployment division in order to
purchase up to 4,000 Systems under an amended framework agreement with Christie Digital Systems USA, Inc. Christie ). As
of March 31, 2022, Phase I Deployment had 696 Systems installed. 

In October 2007, we formed our Phase II Deployment division for the
administration of up to 10,000 additional Systems. As of March 31, 2022, Phase II Deployment had 2,147 of such Systems installed. 

Our Phase I Deployment and Phase II Deployment divisions own and license
Systems to theatrical exhibitors and collect virtual print fees VPFs from motion picture studios and distributors, as well
as alternative content fees ACFs from alternative content providers and theatrical exhibitors, when content is shown on
exhibitors screens. We have licensed the necessary software and technology solutions to the exhibitor and have facilitated the industry s
transition from analog (film) to digital cinema. As part of the Phase I Deployment of our Systems, we have agreements with nine motion
picture studios and certain smaller independent studios and exhibitors, allowing us to collect VPFs and ACFs when content is shown in
theatres, in exchange for having facilitated and financed the deployment of Systems. Phase 1 DC has agreements with 17 theatrical exhibitors
that license our Systems in order to show digital content distributed by the motion picture studios and other providers, including Content
 Entertainment, which is described below. 

Beginning in December 2015, certain of our digital cinema equipment
began to reach the conclusion of their 10-year deployment payment period with certain distributors and, therefore, revenues ceased to
be recognized on such Systems, related to such distributors. Furthermore, because the Phase I Deployment installation period ended in
November 2007, a majority of the VPF revenue associated with the Phase I Deployment Systems has ended. As of March 31, 2022, all of our
696 systems from the Phase I Deployment phase of our cinema equipment business segment had ceased to earn a significant portion of VPF
revenue from certain major studios, although various other studios, consisting mostly of small independent studios, continued to pay VPFs
through March 31, 2022. We expect to continue to earn such ancillary revenue from the cinema equipment segment through December of 2022;
however, such amounts are expected to be significantly less material to our consolidated financial statements. The reduction in VPF revenue
on cinema equipment business systems approximately coincided with the conclusion of certain of our non-recourse debt obligations and,
therefore, the reduced cash outflows related to such non-recourse debt obligations partially offset the reduced VPF revenue since November
2017. 

7 

Under the terms of our standard cinema equipment licensing agreements,
exhibitors will continue to have the right to use our Systems through the end of the term of the licensing agreement, after which time
they have the option to: (1) return the Systems to us; (2) renew their license agreement for successive one-year terms; or (3) purchase
the Systems from us at fair market value. As permitted by these agreements, we have begun, and expect to continue, to pursue the sale
of the Systems to such exhibitors. Such sales were as originally contemplated as the conclusion of the digital cinema deployment plan.
Cinedigm completed the sale of approximately 906 digital projection Systems for an aggregate sales price of approximately 6.1 million
during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Our Phase II Deployment division has entered into digital cinema deployment
agreements with eight motion picture studios, and certain smaller independent studios and exhibitors, to distribute digital movie releases
to exhibitors equipped with our Systems, for which we and our wholly owned, non-consolidated subsidiary Cinedigm Digital Funding 2, LLC CDF2 Holdings earn VPFs. As of March 31, 2022, our Phase II Deployment division has master license agreements with
106 exhibitors covering 2,147 screens, whereby the exhibitors agreed to install our Systems. As of March 31, 2022, we had 2,147 Phase
2 DC Systems installed, including 839 screens under the exhibitor-buyer structure Exhibitor-Buyer ), and 1,308 screens covering
23 exhibitors through CDF2. 

Exhibitors paid us an installation fee of up to 2.0 thousand per screen
out of the VPFs collected by our Services division. We manage the billing and collection of VPFs and remit to exhibitors all VPFs collected,
less an administrative fee of approximately 10 . For Phase 2 DC Systems we own and finance on a non-recourse basis, we typically received
a similar installation fee of up to 2.0 thousand per screen and an ongoing administrative fee of approximately 10 of VPFs collected.
We have recorded no debt, property and equipment, financing costs or depreciation in connection with Systems covered under the Exhibitor-Buyer
Structure and CDF2 Holdings. 

VPFs are earned pursuant to contracts with movie studios and distributors,
whereby amounts are payable to our Phase I and Phase II deployment businesses according to fixed fee schedules, when movies distributed
by studios are displayed in movie theatres using our installed Systems. One VPF is payable to us upon the initial booking of a movie,
for every movie title displayed per System. Therefore, the amount of VPF revenue that we earn depends on the number of unique movie titles
released and displayed using our Systems. Our Phase II Deployment division earns VPF revenues only for Systems that it owns. 

Our Phase II Deployment agreements with distributors require payment
of VPFs for ten years from the date that each system is installed; however, we may no longer collect VPFs once cost recoupment, 
as defined in the contracts with movie studios and distributors, is achieved. Cost recoupment will occur once the cumulative VPFs and
other cash receipts collected by us have equaled the total of all cash outflows, including the purchase price of all Systems, all financing
costs, all overhead and ongoing costs, as defined, subject to maximum agreed upon amounts during the four-year roll-out
period and thereafter. Furthermore, if cost recoupment occurs before the end of the eighth contract year, a one-time cost recoupment
bonus is payable to us by the studios. Cash flows, net of expenses, received by our Phase II Deployment business, following the
achievement of cost recoupment, must be returned to the distributors on a pro-rata basis. 
 
As of March 31, 2022, the Company has certain booked liabilities in
relation to exhibitors that have received payments that were permitted under the Agreements with Exhibitors. The administrative services
related to the Company give rise to variable consideration and are constrained until the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration
is resolved. As of March 31 2022, most of the Company s agreements with studios and with exhibitors in relation to VPFs have either
reached the end of the term or are close to termination, with some of the agreements reaching the end of any audit rights. 

Customers 

No single Phase I or Phase II customer comprised more than 10 of our
consolidated revenue. 

Seasonality 

Revenues earned by our Cinema Equipment Business segment from the collection
of VPFs from motion picture studios are seasonal, coinciding with the timing of releases of movies by the motion picture studios. Generally,
motion picture studios release the most marketable movies during the summer and the winter holiday season. The unexpected emergence of
a hit movie during other periods can alter the traditional trend. The timing of movie releases can have a significant effect on our results
of operations, and the results of one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the next quarter or any other quarter. The
seasonality of the motion picture exhibition industry however, has become less pronounced as the motion picture studios are releasing
movies somewhat more evenly throughout the year. 

8 

SERVICES 

Our Services division provides monitoring, billing, collection, verification
and other management services to Phase 1 DC and Phase 2 DC as well as to exhibitor-buyers who purchase their own equipment. Our Services
division provides such services to the 696 screens in the Phase I Deployment for a monthly service fee equal to 5 of the VPFs earned
by Phase 1 DC and an incentive service fee equal to 2.5 of the VPFs earned by Phase 1 DC. The Services division also provides services
to the 2,147 Phase II Systems deployed, for which we typically receive a monthly fee of approximately 10 of the VPFs earned by Phase
2 DC. The total Phase II service fees are subject to an annual limitation under the terms of our agreements with motion picture studios
and are determined based upon the respective Exhibitor-Buyer Structure, or CDF2 agreements. Unpaid service fees in any period remain an
obligation to Phase 2 DC in the cost recoupment framework. Such fees are not recognized as income or accrued as an asset on our balance
sheet given the uncertainty of the receipt and the timing thereof as future movie release and bookings are not known. Service fees are
accrued and recognized only on deployed Phase II Systems. As a result, the annual service fee limitation is variable until these fees
are paid. 

In February 2013, we (i) assigned to our wholly owned subsidiary, Cinedigm
DC Holdings LLC DC Holdings ), the right and obligation to service the digital cinema projection systems from the Phase
I Deployment and certain systems that were part of the Phase II Deployment, (ii) delegated to DC Holdings the right and obligation to
service certain other systems that were part of the Phase II Deployment and (iii) assigned to DC Holdings the right to receive servicing
fees from the Phase I and Phase II Deployments. We also transferred to DC Holdings certain of our operational staff whose responsibilities
and activities relate solely to the operation of the servicing business and to provide DC Holdings with the right to use the supporting
software and other intellectual property associated with the operation of the servicing business. 

Our Services division also has international servicing partnerships
in Australia and New Zealand with the Independent Cinema Association of Australia and as of March 31, 2022, we ceased providing servicing
to such parties. 

Competition 

Our Services division faces limited competition domestically in its
digital cinema services business as the major Hollywood movie studios have only signed digital cinema deployment agreements with five
entities, including us, and the deployment period in North America is now complete. Competitors include: Digital Cinema Implementation
Partners DCIP ), a joint venture of three large exhibitors (Regal Entertainment Group, AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
and Cinemark Holdings, Inc.) focused on managing the conversions of those three exhibitors; Sony Digital Cinema, to support the deployment
of Sony projection equipment; Christie Digital USA, Inc., to support the deployment of Christie equipment; and GDC, Inc., to support the
deployment of GDC equipment. We have a significantly greater market share than all other competitors except for the DCIP consortium, which
services approximately 18,000 total screens representing its consortium members. 

As we expand our servicing platform internationally, additional competitors
beyond those listed above consist of Arts Alliance, Inc., a leading digital cinema servicer focused on the European markets, and GDC,
as well as other potential local start-ups seeking to service a specific international market. We typically seek to partner with a leading
local entity to combine our efficient servicing infrastructure and strong studio relationships with the necessary local market expertise
and exhibitor relationships. 

ENVIRONMENTAL 

The nature of our business does not subject us to environmental
laws in any material manner. 

EMPLOYEES 

As of March 31, 2022 we had 146 employees, with 6 part-time, 134 full-time
and 6 temporaries, of which 11 are in sales and marketing, 61 are in operations, and 74 are in executive, finance, technology and administrative
functions. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

Our Internet website address is www.cinedigm.com. We will make available,
free of charge at the Investor Relations - Financial Information section of our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and all amendments to those reports and statements filed
or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable
after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 

In addition, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy
and information statements, and other information regarding companies that file electronically with the Commission. This information
is available at www.sec.gov, the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 or by calling 1-800-SEC-0330. 

9 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a degree of risk. The risks
described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
have a material adverse effect on us. If any of the following risks actually occur, our financial condition, results of operations, cash
flows or business could be harmed. In that case, the market price of our stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment
in our stock. 

Risks Related to our Business 

We face the risks of doing business in new and rapidly evolving
markets and may not be able successfully to address such risks and achieve acceptable levels of success or profits. 

We have encountered and may continue to encounter the challenges, uncertainties
and difficulties frequently experienced in new and rapidly evolving markets, including: 

limited
operating experience; 

net
losses; 

lack
of sufficient customers or loss of significant customers; 

a
changing business focus; 

the
downward trend in sales of physical DVD and Blu-ray discs; 

rapidly-changing
technology for some of the products and services we offer; and 

difficulties
in managing potentially rapid growth. 

We expect competition to be intense. If we are unable to compete
successfully, our business and results of operations will be seriously harmed. 

The markets for the digital cinema business and the content distribution
business are competitive, evolving and subject to rapid technological and other changes. We expect the intensity of competition in each
of these areas to increase in the future. Companies willing to expend the necessary capital to create facilities and/or capabilities similar
to ours may compete with our business. Increased competition may result in reduced revenues and/or margins and loss of market share, any
of which could seriously harm our business. In order to compete effectively in each of these fields, we must differentiate ourselves from
competitors. 

Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating
histories and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do, which may permit them to adopt aggressive pricing
policies. As a result, we may suffer from pricing pressures that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and our results
of operations. Many of our competitors also have significantly greater name and brand recognition and a larger customer base than us.
If we are unable to compete successfully, our business and results of operations will be seriously harmed. 

10 

Our plan to acquire additional businesses involves risks, including
our inability to complete or integrate an acquisition successfully, our assumption of liabilities, dilution of your investment and significant
costs. 

Strategic and financially appropriate acquisitions are a key component
of our growth strategy. Although there are no acquisitions identified by us as probable at this time, we may make acquisitions of similar
or complementary businesses or assets. Even if we identify appropriate acquisition candidates, we may be unable to negotiate successfully
the terms of the acquisitions, finance them, integrate the acquired business into our then existing business, obtain required regulatory
approvals, and/or attract and retain customers. Completing an acquisition and integrating an acquired business may require a significant
diversion of management time and resources and may involve assuming new liabilities. Any acquisition also involves the risks that the
assets acquired may prove less valuable than expected and/or that we may assume unknown or unexpected liabilities, costs and problems.
If we make one or more significant acquisitions in which any of the consideration consists of our capital stock, your equity interest
in the Company could be diluted, perhaps significantly. If we were to proceed with one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration
included cash, we could be required to use a substantial portion of our available cash or obtain additional financing to consummate them. 

Our previous acquisitions involve risks, including our inability
to integrate successfully the new businesses and our assumption of certain liabilities. 

Our previous acquisitions of businesses and their respective assets
also involved the risks that the businesses and assets acquired may prove to be less valuable than we expected and/or that we may assume
unknown or unexpected liabilities, costs and problems. In addition, we assumed certain liabilities in connection with these acquisitions
and we cannot assure you that we will be able to satisfy adequately such assumed liabilities. Other companies that offer similar products
and services may be able to market and sell their products and services more cost-effectively than we can. 

We have recorded goodwill impairment charges in the past and
may be required to record additional charges to future earnings if our goodwill becomes further impaired or our intangible assets become
impaired. 

We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to review
our goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. Goodwill must be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances
indicating that the carrying value of our reporting units and intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price
and market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or our own operations, and/or other materially adverse events that have
implications on the profitability of our business. We may be required to record additional charges to earnings during any period in which
a further impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets is determined which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

If we do not manage our growth, our business will be harmed. 

We may not be successful in managing our growth. Past growth has placed,
and future growth will continue to place, significant challenges on our management and resources, related to the successful integration
of the newly acquired businesses. To manage the expected growth of our operations, we will need to improve our existing, and implement
new, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls. We may also need to expand our finance, administrative, client services
and operations staffs and train and manage our growing employee base effectively. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures
and controls may not be adequate to support our future operations. Our business, results of operations and financial position will suffer
if we do not effectively manage our growth. 

If we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property,
our business will suffer. 

We depend heavily on technology and viewing content to operate our
business. Our success depends on protecting our intellectual property, which is one of our most important assets. We have intellectual
property consisting of: 

rights
to certain domain names; 

registered
service marks on certain names and phrases; 

various
unregistered trademarks and service marks; 

11 

film,
television and other forms of viewing content; 

know-how;
and 

rights
to certain logos. 

If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, our business,
financial position and results of operations would be harmed. Our means of protecting our intellectual property may not be adequate. Unauthorized
parties may attempt to copy aspects of our intellectual property or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. In addition,
competitors may be able to devise methods of competing with our business that are not covered by our intellectual property. Our competitors
may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our technology or design around any intellectual property that we may obtain. 

Although we hold rights to various web domain names, regulatory bodies
in the United States and abroad could establish additional top-level domains, appoint additional domain name registrars or modify the
requirements for holding domain names. The relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and
similar proprietary rights is unclear. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to or diminish
the value of our proprietary rights. 

Any future debt obligations of ours, and
debt obligations of our non-consolidated subsidiaries, could impair our financial flexibility and restrict our business significantly. 

We do not currently have debt obligations. However, if we incur debt
obligations in the future, such debt obligations could have important consequences for us, including: 

limiting
our ability to obtain necessary financing in the future; 

requiring
us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to payments on our debt obligations, thereby reducing the availability of our cash
flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures; and 

other
corporate requirements that may affect or limit our business activities. 

CDF2 and CDF2 Holdings are our indirect wholly-owned, non-consolidated
VIEs that are intended to be special purpose, bankruptcy remote entities. CDF2 Holdings has entered into the a lease (the CHG Lease pursuant to which CHG-Meridian U.S. Finance, Ltd. provided sale/leaseback financing for digital cinema projection systems that were partially
financed as part of the Phase II deployment of our Digital Equipment segment. The CHG Lease is non-recourse to Cinedigm and our subsidiaries,
excluding our VIEs, CDF2 and CDF2 Holdings, as the case may be. Although the Phase II financing arrangements undertaken by CDF2 and CDF2
Holdings are important to us with respect to the success of our Phase II Deployment, our financial exposure related to the debt of CDF2
and CDF2 Holdings is limited to the 2.0 million initial investment we made into CDF2 and CDF2 Holdings. CDF2 Holding s total stockholder s
deficit at March 31, 2022 was 55.6 million. We have no obligation to fund the operating loss or the deficit beyond our initial investment,
and accordingly, we carried our investment in CDF2 Holdings at 0 as of March 31, 2022 and 2021. 

12 

The obligations and restrictions under the CHG Lease could have important
consequences for CDF2 and CDF2 Holdings, including: 

Limiting
our ability to obtain necessary financing in the future; 

restricting
us from incurring liens on the digital cinema projection systems financed and from subleasing, assigning or modifying the digital cinema
projection systems financed; and 

requiring
them to dedicate a substantial portion of their cash flow to payments on their debt obligations, thereby reducing the availability of
their cash flow for other uses. 

If we are unable to meet our debt obligations, we could be forced to
restructure or refinance our obligations, to seek additional equity financing or to sell assets, which we may not be able to do on satisfactory
terms or at all. As a result, we could default on those obligations and in the event of such default, our lenders could accelerate our
debt or take other actions that could restrict our operations. 

The foregoing risks would be intensified to the extent we borrow additional
money or incur additional debt. 

We may not be able to generate the amount
of cash needed to fund our future operations. 

Our ability either to make payments on or to refinance our indebtedness,
or to fund planned capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.
Our ability to generate cash is in part subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond
our control. 

Based on our current level of operations and in conjunction with the
cost reduction measures that we have recently implemented and continue to implement, we believe our cash flow from operations, available
borrowings and loan and credit agreement terms will be adequate to meet our future liquidity needs through at least the next twelve months.
Significant assumptions underlie this belief, including, among other things, that there will be no material adverse developments in our
business, liquidity or capital requirements. If we are unable to service our indebtedness, we will be forced to adopt an alternative strategy
that may include actions such as: 

reducing
capital expenditures; 

reducing
our overhead costs and/or workforce; 

reducing
research and development efforts; 

selling
assets; 

restructuring
or refinancing our remaining indebtedness; and 

seeking
additional funding. 

We cannot assure you, however, that our business will generate sufficient
cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to make future borrowings in amounts sufficient to enable us to pay the principal and
interest on our current indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. We may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness
on or before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms
or at all. 

13 

We have incurred long term losses. 

We have incurred long term losses and have financed our operations
principally through equity investments and borrowings. As of March 31, 2022, we had negative working capital, defined as current
assets less current liabilities, of (4.8) million, and cash and cash equivalents totaling 13.1 million, total equity of 41 million,
and 4.9 million provided by net cash flows from operating activities. 

Our net losses and cash outflows may increase as and to the extent
that we increase the size of our business operations, increase our sales and marketing activities, increase our content distribution rights
acquisition activities, enlarge our customer support and professional services and acquire additional businesses. These efforts may prove
to be more expensive than we currently anticipate which could further increase our losses. We must continue to increase our revenues in
order to become profitable. We cannot reliably predict when, or if, we will become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability, we may
not be able to sustain it. If we cannot generate operating income or positive cash flows in the future, we will be unable to meet our
working capital requirements. 

Many of our corporate actions may be controlled by our officers,
directors and principal stockholders; these actions may benefit these principal stockholders more than our other stockholders. 

As of
March 31, 2022, our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, those known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of
the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, approximately 23.9 of our
outstanding Common Stock. Certain of these stockholders are under the common control of one of our directors. These stockholders, as
a group, may have significant influence over our business affairs, with the ability to control matters requiring approval by our
security holders, including elections of directors and approvals of mergers or other business combinations. In addition, certain
corporate actions directed by our officers may not necessarily inure to the proportional benefit of our other
stockholders. 

We face risks associated with our business
in China. 

In November 2017, Bison, a Hong Kong-based entity that does business
in mainland China as well as other locations, became our majority owner. We anticipate that Bison s presence and relationships in China
will provide us with assistance in expanding our business to China. In January 2018, we announced a strategic alliance with A Metaverse
Company, a leading Chinese entertainment company, formerly Starrise Media Holdings Limited, 
whose ordinary shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Metaverse ), to release films in China theatrically and
to digital platforms, and to evaluate opportunities to jointly produce Chinese/American film co-productions, and in February and April
2020, we acquired approximately 26 of the outstanding ordinary shares of Metaverse. Accordingly, we are exposed to risks of doing business
in China. As a result, the economic, political, legal and social conditions in China could have a material adverse effect on our business.
In addition, the legal system in China has inherent uncertainties that may limit the legal protections available in the event of any claims
or disputes that we may have with third parties, including our ability to protect the intellectual property we use in China. As China s
legal system is still evolving, the interpretation of many laws, regulations and rules is not always uniform and enforcement of these
laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties, which may limit the remedies available in the event of any claims or disputes with
third parties. Some of the other risks related to doing business in China include: 

the
Chinese government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities; 

restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive and use our cash effectively; 

the
Chinese government may favor local businesses and make it more difficult for foreign businesses to operate in China on an equal footing,
or generally; 

there
are increased uncertainties related to the enforcement of contracts with certain parties; and 

more
restrictive rules on foreign investment could adversely affect our ability to expand our operations in China 

As a result of our growing operations in China, these risks could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

We are subject to risks from our equity
investment in a foreign company. 

We own approximately 18 of the outstanding ordinary shares of Metaverse,
a company that operates in China and whose ordinary shares trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have partnered with Metaverse in
the past, and continue to do so, with respect to the release of U.S.-sourced content in China and China-sourced content in the U.S. We
may experience consequences from economic and regulatory events and requirements outside of the United States that affect the value of
these shares and their value to us, including changes in regulatory requirements that affect Metaverse, fluctuations in international
currency exchange rates, volatility in international political and economic environments, public disclosure requirements, and unforeseen
developments and conditions, including terrorism, war, epidemics and international tensions and conflicts. No assurance can be made that,
if we were to sell these shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in Hong Kong currency, we would receive the full value in U.S. dollars
upon repatriating the proceeds, based on fluctuating currency exchange rates. 

While the impact of these factors is difficult to predict, any one
or more of these factors could adversely affect the value of our investment in the Metaverse shares. 

Our success will significantly depend on
our ability to hire and retain key personnel. 

Our success will depend in significant part upon the continued performance
of our senior management personnel and other key technical, sales and creative personnel. We do not currently have significant key
person life insurance policies for any of our employees. We currently have employment agreements with our chief executive officer.
If we lose one or more of our key employees, we may not be able to find a suitable replacement(s) and our business and results of operations
could be adversely affected. In addition, competition for key employees necessary to create and distribute our entertainment content and
software products is intense and may grow in the future. Our future success will also depend upon our ability to hire, train, integrate
and retain qualified new employees and our inability to do so may have an adverse impact upon our business, financial condition, operating
results, liquidity and prospects for growth. 

If we do not respond to future changes in technology and customer
demands, our financial position, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The demand for our Systems and other assets in connection with our
digital cinema business (collectively, our Digital Cinema Assets may be affected by future advances in technology and changes
in customer demands. We cannot assure you that there will be continued demand for our Digital Cinema Assets. Our profitability depends
largely upon the continued use of digital presentations at theatres. Although we have entered into long term agreements with major motion
picture studios and independent studios (the Studio Agreements ), there can be no assurance that these studios will continue
to distribute digital content to movie theatres. If the development of digital presentations and changes in the way digital files are
delivered does not continue or technology is used that is not compatible with our Systems, there may be no viable market for our Systems
and related products. Any reduction in the use of our Systems and related products resulting from the development and deployment of new
technology may negatively impact our revenues and the value of our Systems. 

The demand for DVD products is declining, and we anticipate that this
decline will continue. We anticipate, however, that the distribution of DVD products will continue to generate positive cash flows for
the Company for the foreseeable future. Should a decline in consumer demand be greater than we anticipate, our business could be adversely
affected. 

Termination of the MLAs and MLAAs could damage our revenue and
profitability. 

The master license agreements with each of our licensed exhibitors
(the MLAs are critical to our business as are master license administrative agreements (the MLAAs ). The MLAs
have terms, which expire in 2020 through 2022 and provide the exhibitor with an option to purchase our Systems or to renew for successive
one-year periods up to ten years thereafter. The MLAs also require our suppliers to upgrade our Systems when Technology is necessary for
compliance with DCI Specification becomes commercially available and we may determine to enhance the Systems, which may require additional
capital expenditures. If any one of the MLAs were terminated prior to the end of its term, not renewed at its expiration or found to be
unenforceable, or if our Systems are not upgraded or enhanced as necessary, it would have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability,
financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, termination of MLAAs could adversely impact our servicing business. 

15 

An increase in the use of alternative movie distribution channels
and other competing forms of entertainment could drive down movie theatre attendance, which, if causing significant theatre closures or
a substantial decline in motion picture production, may lead to reductions in our revenues. 

Various exhibitor chains, which are our distributors, face competition
for patrons from a number of alternative motion picture distribution channels, such as DVD, network and syndicated television, VOD, pay-per-view
television and downloading utilizing the Internet. These exhibitor chains also compete with other forms of entertainment competing for
patrons leisure time and disposable income such as concerts, amusement parks and sporting events. An increase in popularity of
these alternative movie distribution channels and competing forms of entertainment could drive down movie theatre attendance and potentially
cause certain of our exhibitors to close their theatres for extended periods of time. Significant theatre closures could in turn have
a negative impact on the aggregate receipt of our VPF revenues, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our business and ability
to service our debt. 

An increase in the use of alternative movie distribution channels could
also cause the overall production of motion pictures to decline, which, if substantial, could have an adverse effect on the businesses
of the major studios with which we have Studio Agreements. A decline in the businesses of the major studios could in turn force the termination
of certain Studio Agreements prior to the end of their terms. The Studio Agreements with each of the major studios are critical to our
business, and their early termination may have a material adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our success depends on external factors in the motion picture
and television industry. 

Our success depends on the commercial success of movies and television
programs, which is unpredictable. Operating in the motion picture and television industry involves a substantial degree of risk. Each
movie and television program is an individual artistic work, and inherently unpredictable audience reactions primarily determine commercial
success. Generally, the popularity of movies and television programs depends on many factors, including the critical acclaim they receive,
the format of their initial release, for example, theatrical or direct-to-video, the actors and other key talent, their genre and their
specific subject matter. The commercial success of movies and television programs also depends upon the quality and acceptance of movies
or programs that our competitors release into the marketplace at or near the same time, critical reviews, the availability of alternative
forms of entertainment and leisure activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, many of which we
do not control and all of which may change. We cannot predict the future effects of these factors with certainty, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. In addition, because a movie s
or television program s performance in ancillary markets, such as home video and pay and free television, is often directly related
to its box office performance or television ratings, poor box office results or poor television ratings may negatively affect future revenue
streams. Our success will depend on the experience and judgment of our management to select and develop new content acquisition and investment
opportunities. We cannot make assurances that movies and television programs will obtain favorable reviews or ratings, will perform well
at the box office or in ancillary markets or that broadcasters will license the rights to broadcast any of our television programs in
development or renew licenses to broadcast programs in our library. The failure to achieve any of the foregoing could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 

In addition, the motion picture industry has been significantly affected
by the COVID-19 pandemic in light of mandatory theatre shutdown, changes to the planned production, distribution and release schedules.
The industry may continue to be negatively impacted by delays in the production and release schedules of new motion pictures and TV shows,
which may negatively affect our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 

16 

Our business involves risks of liability claims for media content,
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a distributor of media content, we may face potential liability
for: 

defamation; 

invasion
of privacy; 

negligence; 

copyright
or trademark infringement (as discussed above); and 

other
claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed. 

These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against
producers and distributors of media content. Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance
coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. 

O ur revenues and earnings are subject to market downturns . 

Our revenues and earnings may fluctuate significantly in the future.
General economic or other conditions could cause lower than expected revenues and earnings within our digital cinema, technology or content
and entertainment businesses. The global economic turmoil of recent years has caused a general tightening in the credit markets, lower
levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, an unprecedented level of intervention from the U.S. federal government
and other foreign governments, decreased consumer confidence, overall slower economic activity and extreme volatility in credit, equity
and fixed income markets. While the ultimate outcome of these events cannot be predicted, a decrease in economic activity in the U.S.
or in other regions of the world in which we do business could adversely affect demand for our movies, thus reducing our revenue and earnings.
While stabilization has continued, it remains a slow process and the global economy remains subject to volatility. Moreover, financial
institution failures may cause us to incur increased expenses or make it more difficult either to financing of any future acquisitions,
or financing activities. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and could result
in significant additional dilution to shareholders. 

Changes in economic conditions could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our operations and performance could be influenced by worldwide economic
conditions. Uncertainty about current global economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses may postpone spending in response
to tighter credit, negative financial news and/or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the
demand for our products and services. Other factors that could influence demand include continuing increases in fuel and other energy
costs, conditions in the residential real estate and mortgage markets, labor and healthcare costs, access to credit, consumer confidence,
and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer-spending behavior. These and other economic factors could have a material adverse effect
on demand for our products and services and on our financial condition and operating results. Uncertainty about current global economic
conditions could also continue to increase the volatility of our stock price. 

Changes to existing accounting pronouncements or taxation rules
or practices may affect how we conduct our business and affect our reported results of operations. 

New accounting pronouncements or tax rules and varying interpretations
of accounting pronouncements or taxation practice have occurred and may occur in the future. A change in accounting pronouncements or
interpretations or taxation rules or practices can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting
of transactions completed before the change is effective. Changes to existing rules and pronouncements, future changes, if any, or the
questioning of current practices or interpretations may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. 

17 

Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards in
the future is subject to substantial limitations and we may not be able to use some identified net operating loss carryforwards, which
could result in increased tax payments in future periods. 

Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, if a corporation undergoes
an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the
corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss NOL carryforwards to offset its post-change income
may be limited. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. On November 1, 2018, we experienced an ownership change with respect to
the Bison acquisition. Accordingly, our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards attributable to periods prior to November 1, 2018 is
subject to substantial limitations. These limitations could result in increased future tax payments, which could be material. 

We may experience unanticipated effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of a widespread
outbreak of contagious disease, including the outbreak of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic repercussions created significant
volatility and uncertainty impacting the Company s results for the year. As part of our Content Entertainment business, the
Company sells DVDs and Blu-ray discs at brick-and-mortar stores. With the closure of non-essential retail stores beginning in the spring
of 2020, the sale of physical discs through our retail partners declined although this was partially offset by digital purchases of physical
product. As part of our Cinema Equipment business, the Company earns revenue when movies are exhibited in theaters. Many movie theaters
in the United States slowly re-opened with limited capacities through March 31, 2022. The majority of major studios resumed blockbuster
films releases during the year which showed an encouraging return of consumer confidence for the theatrical experience. As vaccines became
readily available and COVID cases decreased, major studios resumed theatrical releases and there was an uptick in box office revenue during
the period ending March 31, 2022. 

Longer term, there had been speculation that the future of theatrical
release strategies could change as a result of Major Studios being able to release movies simultaneously in theatres and on streaming
platforms during the pandemic. If fewer movies are released theatrically, a shift to digital viewing reduces revenue opportunities for
virtual print fees and sales of digital cinema equipment. While Studios are still in an experimentation phase regarding theatrical/streaming
strategies we are encouraged by the success of recent exclusive theatrical releases such as Sony s Spider-Man: No Way Home ,
which became the first movie since the pandemic to hit 1 billion globally with no current plans to premiere on any streaming platforms. 

R isks Related to Common Stock 

The liquidity of the Common Stock is uncertain; the limited trading
volume of the Common Stock may depress the price of such stock or cause it to fluctuate significantly. 

Although the Common Stock is listed on Nasdaq, there has been a limited
public market for the Common Stock and there can be no assurance that a more active trading market for the Common Stock will develop.
As a result, you may not be able to sell your shares of Common Stock in short time periods, or possibly at all. The absence of an active
trading market may cause the price per share of the Common Stock to fluctuate significantly. 

Substantial resales or future issuances of our Common Stock could
depress our stock price. 

The market price for the Common Stock could decline, perhaps significantly,
as a result of resales or issuances of a large number of shares of the Common Stock in the public market or even the perception that such
resales or issuances could occur. In addition, we have outstanding a substantial number of options and warrants exercisable for shares
of Common Stock that may be exercised in the future. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future
offerings of our equity securities. 

18 

You will incur substantial dilution as a result of certain future
equity issuances. 

We have a substantial number of options and warrants currently outstanding
which may be immediately exercised for shares of Common Stock. To the extent that these options or warrants are exercised, or to the extent
we issue additional shares of Common Stock in the future, as the case may be, there will be further dilution to holders of shares of the
Common Stock. 

Our issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect holders
of Common Stock. 

Our board of directors is authorized to issue series of preferred stock
without any action on the part of our holders of Common Stock. Our board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval,
to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, preferences over
our Common Stock with respect to dividends or if we liquidate, dissolve or wind up our business and other terms. If we issue preferred
stock in the future that has preference over our Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon our liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of our Common Stock, the rights of holders
of our Common Stock or the price of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. 

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to be volatile
in the future; this volatility may affect the price at which you could sell our Common Stock. 

The trading price of the Common Stock has been volatile and may continue
to be volatile in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material
adverse effect on an investment in our securities: 

actual
or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
to us; 

changes
in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

success
of competitors; 

our
operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes
in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us, the market for digital and physical content, content
distribution and entertainment in general; 

operating
and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 

our
ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 

changes
in laws and regulations affecting our business or our industry; 

commencement
of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

changes
in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; 

the
volume of shares of the Common Stock available for public sale; 

any
major change in our board of directors or management; 

sales
of substantial amounts of Common Stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales
could occur; and 

general
economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 

Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price
of the Common Stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, have experienced
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies
affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of the Common Stock, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence
in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our stock price
regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of the Common Stock
also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

19 

Anti-takeover provisions contained in our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws, as well as provisions of Delaware law, could impair a takeover attempt. 

Our fifth amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
as amended, contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in our management without
the consent of our board of directors. 

These provisions include: 

no
cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; 

the
exclusive right of our board of directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or
the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 

the
ability of our board of directors to determine to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those
shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership
of a hostile acquirer; 

the
requirement that an annual meeting of stockholders may be called only by the board of directors, which may delay the ability of our stockholders
to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

limiting
the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers; 

controlling
the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of stockholder meetings; and 

providing
that directors may be removed prior to the expiration of their terms by the Board of Directors only for cause. 

In addition, our certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance
of 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The terms of our preferred stock may be fixed by the company s board of directors without
further stockholder action. The terms of any outstanding series or class of preferred stock may include priority claims to assets and
dividends and special voting rights, which could adversely affect the rights of holders of Common Stock. Any future issuance(s) of preferred
stock could make the takeover of the company more difficult, discourage unsolicited bids for control of the company in which our stockholders
could receive premiums for their shares, dilute or subordinate the rights of holders of Common Stock and adversely affect the trading
price of the Common Stock. 

These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers
and changes in control of the Company or changes in our management. 

As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware
law, including Section 203 of the DGCL, which prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our outstanding common stock from engaging
in certain business combinations without approval of the holders of substantially all of our outstanding common stock. Any provision of
our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit
the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some
investors are willing to pay for our securities. 

20 

We may not be able to maintain the listing of our Common Stock
on Nasdaq, which may adversely affect the flexibility of holders of Common Stock to resell their securities in the secondary market. 

The Common Stock is presently listed on Nasdaq. On April 4, 2022, we
received a letter (the Notice from the Listing Qualifications staff of Nasdaq indicating that the Company no longer meets
the requirement to maintain a minimum bid price of 1 per share, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). The Notice did not result
in the immediate delisting of the Common Stock from Nasdaq. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided a period
of 180 calendar days, or until October 3, 2022, in which to regain compliance. There can be no assurance that we regain compliance within
such period, or will be granted an extension of time to cure the deficiency. If the Company is unable to meet the continued listing criteria
of Nasdaq and the Common Stock became delisted, trading of the Common Stock could thereafter be conducted in the over-the-counter markets
in the OTC Pink, also known as pink sheets or, if available, on another OTC trading platform. Any such delisting could harm
our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the loss of
confidence in our financial stability by suppliers, customers and employees. Investors would likely find it more difficult to dispose
of, or to obtain accurate market quotations for, the Common Stock, as the liquidity that Nasdaq provides would no longer be available
to investors. In addition, the failure of our Common Stock to continue to be listed on the Nasdaq could adversely impact the market price
for the Common Stock and our other securities, and we could face a lengthy process to re-list the Common Stock, if we are able to re-list
the Common Stock. 

We have no present intention of paying dividends on our Common
Stock. 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and have
no present plans to do so. In addition, certain of our credit facilities restrict our ability to pay dividends on the Common Stock. As
a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in our Common Stock unless you sell any shares you hold for a price greater
than that which you paid for them. 

Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited, which
could make us unable to fund our capital requirements. 

Our business and operations may consume resources faster than we
anticipate, or we may require additional funds to pursue acquisition or expansion opportunities. In the future, we may need to raise
additional funds through the issuance of new equity securities, debt or a combination of both. Additional financing may not be
available on favorable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our
capital requirements. If we issue new debt securities, the debt holders would have rights senior to common stockholders to make
claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our Common
Stock. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our
control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our stockholders bear the risk of
our future securities offerings reducing the market price of our Common Stock, diluting their interest or being subject to rights
and preferences senior to their own. 

We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting
obligations or result in material misstatements of our financial statements. If we fail to remediate any material weaknesses or if we
otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial
results could be adversely affected. 

We identified deficiencies in our internal control that we consider
to be material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which existed as of March 31, 2021 and 2022. A material weakness
is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

21 

In the evaluation, management identified material weaknesses in internal
controls related to our financial close and reporting process and information and communication controls. Management also concluded that
we did not have a sufficient complement of corporate personnel with appropriate levels of accounting and controls knowledge and experience
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters completely and
accurately. As a result of this evaluation, management extensively used outside consultants who possessed the appropriate levels of accounting
and controls knowledge. 

Following identification of this control deficiency, management is
implementing modifications to better ensure that the Company has appropriate and timely reviews on all financial reporting analysis. The
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until these modifications are implemented,
in operation for a sufficient period of time, tested, and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. In addition,
as we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting, management may determine to take additional
measures to address control deficiencies or determine to modify our remediation plan. Management will test and evaluate the implementation
of these modifications to ascertain whether they are designed and operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance that they will
prevent or detect a material misstatement in the Company s financial statements. 

By taking the remediation steps described in Item 9A, we believe that,
as a result of management s in-depth review of its accounting processes, and the additional procedures management has implemented,
there are no material inaccuracies or omissions of material fact in this Form 10-K and, to the best of our knowledge, we believe that
the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. 

We may identify future material weaknesses in our internal controls
over financial reporting and we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, or report them within the timeframes required
by law or stock exchange regulations. We cannot assure that our existing material weakness will be remediated or that additional material
weaknesses will not exist or otherwise be discovered, any of which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results
of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We operated from the following leased properties at March 31,
2022. 

Location 
 
 Square
 Feet (Approx.) 
 
 Lease
 Expiration Date 
 
 Primary
 Use 
 
 264
 W. 40 th St. 15 th Floor, New York City, NY 10018 
 
 5,363 
 
 Jan
 31, 2025 
 
 Office
 space 

We do not own any real estate or invest in real estate or related investments. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

COMMON STOCK 

Our Common Stock trades publicly on The Nasdaq
Global Market Nasdaq ), under the trading symbol CIDM . The following table shows the high and low sales prices
per share of our Common Stock as reported by Nasdaq for the periods indicated: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2022 
 2021 

HIGH 
 LOW 
 HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 April 1 June 30 
 1.71 
 1.14 
 3.20 
 0.32 
 
 July 1 September 30 
 2.63 
 1.08 
 2.49 
 0.55 
 
 October 1 December 31 
 2.84 
 1.16 
 1.09 
 0.45 
 
 January 1 March 31 
 1.25 
 0.64 
 2.33 
 0.69 

The last reported closing price per share of
our Common Stock as reported by Nasdaq on June 29, 2022 was 0.53 per share. As of June 29, 2022, there were 59 holders of record of our Common
Stock, not including beneficial owners of our Common Stock whose shares are held in the names of various dealers, clearing agencies,
banks, brokers and other fiduciaries. 

CLASS B COMMON STOCK 

On October 31, 2017, we filed our Fifth Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation which, in addition to other things, eliminated the Class B Common Stock. Accordingly, no further
Class B Common Stock will be issued. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our Common
Stock or Class B Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends
on our Common Stock will be in the sole discretion of our board of directors. 

The holders of our Series A 10 Non-Voting
Cumulative Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends. There were 89 thousand of cumulative dividends in arrears on the
Preferred Stock at March 31, 2022. 

SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

None. 

PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There were no purchases of shares of our Common Stock made
by us or on our behalf during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021. 

23 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. 

This report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies
for the future, which are indicated by words or phrases such as believes, anticipates, expects, 
 intends, plans, will, estimates, and similar words. Forward-looking statements
represent, as of the date of this report, our judgment relating to, among other things, future results of operations, growth plans, sales,
capital requirements and general industry and business conditions applicable to us. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

OVERVIEW 

Since our inception, we have played a significant
role in the digital distribution revolution that continues to transform the media landscape. In addition to our pioneering role in transitioning
approximately 12,000 movie screens from traditional analog film prints to digital distribution, we have become a leading distributor of
independent content, both through organic growth and acquisitions. We distribute products for major brands such as Hallmark, Televisa,
ITV, Nelvana, ZDF, Konami, NFL, and Scholastic, as well as leading international and domestic content creators, movie producers, television
producers and other short-form digital content producers. We collaborate with producers, major brands and other content owners to market,
source, curate and distribute quality content to targeted audiences through (i) existing and emerging digital home entertainment platforms,
including but not limited to Apple iTunes, Amazon Prime, Netflix, Hulu, Xbox, Pluto, Tubi and most video-on-demand VOD and free ad-supported television FAST streaming platforms, as well as (ii) physical goods, including DVD and Blu-ray Discs. 

We report our financial results
in two primary segments as follows: (1) cinema equipment business and (2) content and entertainment business Content Entertainment 
or CEG ). The cinema equipment business segment consists of the non-recourse, financing vehicles and administrators for our
digital cinema equipment (the Systems installed in movie theatres throughout North America and Australia. It also provides
fee-based support to over 2,843 movie screens as well as directly to exhibitors and other third-party customers in the form of monitoring,
billing, collection and verification services. Our Content Entertainment segment operates in: (1) ancillary market aggregation and
distribution of entertainment content and (2) branded and curated over-the-top OTT digital network business providing
entertainment channels and applications. 

Beginning in December 2015, certain of our cinema
equipment began to reach the conclusion of their 10-year deployment payment period with certain distributors and, therefore, Virtual Print
Fees VPF revenues ceased to be recognized on such Systems, related to such distributors. Furthermore, because the Phase
I Deployment installation period ended in November 2007, a majority of the VPF revenue associated with the Phase I Deployment Systems
has ended. The reduction in VPF revenue on cinema equipment business systems approximately coincided with the conclusion of certain of
our non-recourse debt obligations and, therefore, the reduced cash outflows related to such non-recourse debt obligations partially offset
the reduced VPF revenue since November 2017. 

Under the terms of our standard cinema equipment
licensing agreements, exhibitors will continue to have the right to use our Systems through the end of the term of the licensing agreement,
after which time, they have the option to: (1) return the Systems to us; (2) renew their license agreement for successive one-year terms;
or (3) purchase the Systems from us at fair market value. As permitted by these agreements, we typically pursue the sale of the Systems
to such exhibitors. Such sales were as originally contemplated as the conclusion of the digital cinema deployment plan. 

We are structured so that our cinema equipment
business segment operates independently from our Content Entertainment business. As of March 31, 2022, we had approximately 0.0
million of non-recourse outstanding debt principal that relates to, and is serviced by, our cinema equipment business. We have approximately
 0.0 million of outstanding debt principal, as of March 31, 2022 that is attributable to our Content Entertainment and Corporate
segments. 

24 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related economic repercussions created significant
volatility and uncertainty impacting the Company s results for the year. As part of our Content Entertainment business, the
Company sells DVDs and Blu-ray discs at brick-and-mortar stores. With the closure of non-essential retail stores beginning in the spring
of 2020, the sale of physical discs through our retail partners declined although this was partially offset by digital purchases of physical
product. As part of our Cinema Equipment business, the Company earns revenue when movies are exhibited in theaters. Many movie theaters
in the United States slowly re-opened with limited capacities through March 31, 2021, and have since reopened as of March 31, 2022. The
majority of major studios resumed blockbuster films releases during the year which showed an encouraging return of consumer confidence
for the theatrical experience. As vaccines became readily available and COVID cases decreased, major studios resumed theatrical
releases and there was an uptick in box office revenue during the year ending March 31, 2022. 

Longer term, there had been speculation that the
future of theatrical release strategies could change as a result of Major Studios being able to release movies simultaneously in theatres
and on streaming platforms during the pandemic. If fewer movies are released theatrically, a shift to digital viewing reduces revenue
opportunities for virtual print fees and sales of digital cinema equipment. While Studios are still in an experimentation phase regarding
theatrical/streaming strategies we are encouraged by the success of recent exclusive theatrical releases such as Sony s Spider-Man:
No Way Home , which became the first movie since the pandemic to hit 1 billion globally with no current plans to release on any
streaming platforms. 

Liquidity 

We have incurred net losses historically and net income for the year
ended March 31, 2022 of 2.3 million. As of March 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 472.3 million and negative working
capital of 4.8 million as of March 31, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was 4.9
million. Based on these conditions, the Company entered into the following transactions described below. 

Capital Raises 

On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with a single institutional investor for the purchase and sale of 5,600,000 shares of Common Stock at
a purchase price of 1.25 per share, in a registered direct offering, pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3
which was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2020 (File No. 333-239710) (the 2020 Shelf Registration
Statement and an applicable prospectus supplement. The closing of the sale occurred on February 5, 2021. The aggregate gross proceeds
for the sale was approximately 7.0 million. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale, after deducting the fees of the placement
agent but before paying the Company s estimated offering expenses, was approximately 6.5 million. 

In July 2020, we entered into an At-the-Market
sales agreement (the ATM Sales Agreement with A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners A.G.P. and B. Riley FBR,
Inc. B. Riley and, together with A.G.P., the Sales Agents ), pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell,
from time to time, through the Sales Agents, shares of Common Stock at the market prices prevailing on Nasdaq at the time of the sale
of such shares. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares under the ATM Sales Agreement. Any sales of shares made under the ATM
Sales Agreement will be made pursuant the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, for an aggregate offering price of up to 30 million. During
the year ended March 31, 2021, we sold 28,405,840 shares of Common Stock under the ATM Sales Agreement. Net proceeds from such sales totaled
 18.6 million. No sales under the ATM Sales Agreement were made during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

On July 16, 2020, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain investors for the purchase and sale of 7,213,334 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, at
a purchase price of 1.50 per share, in a registered direct offering, pursuant to the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement and an applicable
prospectus supplement. The closing of the sale occurred on July 20, 2020. The aggregate gross proceeds for the sale was approximately
 10.8 million. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale, after deducting the fees of the placement agents but before paying the Company s
estimated offering expenses, is approximately 10.1 million. 

25 

On
May 20, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with certain
investors (the Investors for the purchase and sale of 10,666,666 shares of the Common Stock, at a purchase price of 0.75
per share, in a registered direct offering, pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 which was declared effective
by the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 14, 2020 File
No. 333-238183) and an applicable prospectus supplement. The closing of the sale occurred on May 22, 2020. The aggregate gross proceeds
for the sale was 8.0 million. The net proceeds to the Company from the sale, after deducting the fees of the placement agents but before
paying the Company s estimated offering expenses, were approximately 7.1 million. 

In October 2021, we entered into a Common Stock
Purchase Agreement (the Equity Line Purchase Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights
Agreement with B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC B. Riley Principal Capital ). Pursuant to the Equity Line Purchase
Agreement, the Company has the right to sell to B. Riley Principal Capital up to the lesser of (i) 50,000,000 of newly issued shares
of Common Stock and (ii) the Exchange Cap (as defined in the Equity Line Purchase Agreement), from time to time during the 24-month period
from and after the October 21, 2021. Sales of Common Stock pursuant to the Equity Line Purchase Agreement, and the timing of any sales,
are solely at the option of the Company, and the Company is under no obligation to sell any securities to B. Riley Principal Capital under
the Equity Line Purchase Agreement. As consideration for B. Riley Principal Capital s commitment to purchase shares of Common Stock
at the Company s direction upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Equity Line Purchase Agreement, upon execution
of the Equity Line Purchase Agreement, the Company issued 210,084 shares of Common Stock to B. Riley Principal Capital (the Commitment
Shares ). The purchase price of the shares of Common Stock that we elect to sell to B. Riley Principal Capital pursuant to the Equity
Line Purchase Agreement will be determined by reference to the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock VWAP during the applicable purchase date, less a fixed 5 discount to such VWAP. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company
filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 that was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2021 (File
No. 333-260210) for the resale by B. Riley Principal Capital of up to 25,210,084 shares of Common Stock (including the Commitment Shares)
acquired pursuant to the Equity Line Purchase Agreement. During the year ended March 31, 2022, we sold 5,300,000 shares of Common Stock
under the Equity Line Purchase Agreement. Net proceeds from such sales totaled 12.4 million. 

As of March 31, 2022, there is still approximately
 38.0 million available under the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, and 37.6 million available under the Equity Line Purchase Agreement,
to raise additional capital. 

Sale of Cinematic Equipment 

On March 17, 2021, the Company entered into two separate agreements
for the sale of cinematic equipment to American Multi-Cinema, Inc. AMC ). The agreement included the sale in tranches of
a total of 2,369 cinematic projectors starting in March 2021 throughout January 2023 for a total cash consideration of 10.8 million.
For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized revenue for 9.6 million. A portion of the total proceeds was utilized to pay
off the remaining Prospect note payable. 

Equity Investment in a Related Party 

On December 27, 2019, the Company entered into, and on February 14,
2020 amended, (see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ), a stock purchase agreement (as so amended, the Metaverse
Stock Purchase Agreement with BeiTai Investment LP BeiTai ), a related party for accounting purposes of Cinedigm
and Aim Right Ventures Limited Aim Right ), two shareholders of A Metaverse Company, a leading Chinese entertainment company Metaverse ), formerly Starrise Media Holdings Limited, to buy from them an
aggregate of 410,901,000 outstanding Metaverse ordinary shares (the Metaverse Share Acquisition ). On February 14, 2020,
the Company purchased 162,162,162 of the Metaverse ordinary shares from BeiTai and issued BeiTai 21,646,604 shares of its Common Stock
in consideration. The Metaverse shares received were valued at approximately 25 million and the Company issued shares that were valued
at approximately 11.2 million. On April 10, 2020, the Company, in accordance with the terms of the Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement,
terminated its obligation to purchase Metaverse ordinary shares from Aim Right under the December 27, 2019 stock purchase agreement. 

26 

On April 10, 2020, the Company entered into another stock purchase
agreement (the April Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement with five (5) shareholders of Metaverse Bison Global Investment
SPC Bison Global No. 1 SP, Huatai Investment LP, Antai Investment LP, Mingtai Investment LP and Shangtai Asset Management LP,
all of which are related parties to the Company to buy an aggregate of 223,380,000 outstanding Metaverse ordinary shares from them and
for the Company to issue to them an aggregate of 29,855,081 shares of its Common Stock as consideration therefor (the April Metaverse
Share Acquisition ). On April 15, 2020, the April Metaverse Share Acquisition was consummated and this transaction was also recorded
as an equity investment in Metaverse. 

Metaverse s ordinary shares
(HK 1616) are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Based on the closing price of .152 per share on March
31, 2022, calculated at an exchange rate of 7.85 Hong Kong Dollars to 1 US dollar, the market value of Cinedigm s ownership in Metaverse
ordinary shares was approximately 7.03 million. Subsequent to the period, trading of Metaverse s ordinary shares was halted.
(See Note 11) 

Borrowings 

On June 22, 2021, the maturity date of the East West Credit Facility
(as defined in Note 5 Notes Payable) with East West Bank was extended from June 30, 2021 to September 28, 2021 and was not extended. 

On July 3, 2019, the Company entered into an amendment (the EWB
Amendment to the Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2018, by and between the Company, East West Bank
and the Guarantors named therein (the EWB Credit Agreement ). The EWB Amendment reduced the size of the facility to 18.0
million, required certain prepayments and daily cash sweeps from collections of receivables to be made, changed in certain respects how
the borrowing base is calculated, and extended the maturity date to June 30, 2020. In connection with the EWB Amendment, three of our
subsidiaries became additional Guarantors under the EWB Credit Agreement. On June 26, 2020, the Company signed another amendment and extended
the maturity date to June 30, 2021 and on June 22, 2021, the maturity date was extended to September 28, 2021. See Note 5 Notes
Payable. 

On April 15, 2020, the Company received 2.2 million
from East West Bank, the Company s existing lender, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of
the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Loan matures on April 10, 2022 (the Maturity
Date ), accrues interest at 1 per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. No interest payments are due within
the initial six months of the PPP Loan. The interest accrued during the initial six-month period is due and payable, together with the
principal, on the Maturity Date. The Company used all proceeds from the PPP Loan to retain employees, maintain payroll and make lease
and utility payments to support business continuity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, which amounts are intended to be eligible for forgiveness,
subject to the provisions of the CARES Act and could be subject to repayment. On January 5, 2021, the Company submitted its application
for forgiveness and, as of June 30, 2021, obtained forgiveness for the full amount. 

On June 24, 2020, the Company entered into an exchange agreement pursuant
to which the Company issued 329,501 shares of its Common Stock, in exchange for 842,000, the principal amount and accrued and
unpaid interest of outstanding Second Lien Loans (as defined in Note 5 Notes Payable). The surrendered Second Lien Loans were
immediately canceled. The exchange was consummated on June 24, 2020. 

On June 26, 2020, the Company signed a consent
agreement with the holders of the Second Lien loans to extend the maturity date to September 30, 2020 and grant the Company options to
extend further to March 31, 2021 and then to June 30, 2021. A consent fee of 100,000 was paid in connection with this extension. 

In a separate exchange with another holder of
Second Lien Notes, on November 19, 2020, the Company issued 452,499 shares of Common Stock in exchange for 247,108 principal amount of
Second Lien Notes. The exchanged Second Lien Notes were immediately cancelled. 

27 

On December 4, 2020, the Company entered into
exchange agreements (the December Exchange Agreements with certain holders of Second Lien Notes. Pursuant to the December
Exchange Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,776,284 shares of its Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock
in exchange for an aggregate of 1,386,106 of principal amount of Second Lien Notes. The exchanged Second Lien Notes were immediately
cancelled. 

On January 21, 2021, the Company entered
into an exchange agreement (the January Exchange Agreement with a holder of notes under its Second Lien Loan Agreement
dated as of July 14, 2016 among the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as Agent Second
Lien Notes ). Pursuant to the January Exchange Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,247,626 shares of Common Stock, in
exchange for an aggregate of 1,289,650 of principal amount of Second Lien Notes. The exchanged Second Lien Notes were immediately cancelled. 

In three separate exchanges with another holder
of Second Lien Notes, on January 14, 2021 and January 21, 2021, the Company issued 689,500 shares, 580,448 shares and 1,247,626 (an aggregate
of 2,517,574 shares) of Common Stock in exchange for 500,000, 600,000 and 1,289,650 (an aggregate of 2,389,650) principal amount of
Second Lien Notes. The exchanged Second Lien Notes were immediately cancelled. 

On February 2, 2021, the Company issued 425,290
shares of Common Stock in exchange for 500,000 principal amount of Second Lien Notes. The exchanged Second Lien Notes were immediately
cancelled. 

The Second Lien Loans (as defined in Note 5 Notes Payable)
were to mature on June 16, 2020. On June 26, 2020, the Company entered into a consent agreement with the lenders of the Second Lien Loans
to an extension of the Second Lien Loans pursuant to which (i) the Company paid down a portion of the outstanding principal amount plus
accrued interest to date, and 47 (ii) the maturity date of the remaining outstanding principal amount of the Second Lien Loans was extended
to September 30, 2019. On July 30, 2019, one of the lenders, signed a waiver to defer the receipt of the portion of the outstanding principal
amount on the Second Lien Loans agreed to be paid no later than September 30, 2019.The Company paid 3.4 million of the outstanding Second
Lien Loans and expects to obtain additional capital from or through Bison Capital Holding Company Limited or an affiliate thereof Bison for final payment of the remaining outstanding balances. The Second Lien Loans were to mature on June February 16, 2020. On June 26, 2020,
the Company entered into a consent agreement with the lenders to extend the maturity date to September 30, 2020 and grant the Company
options to extend further to March 31, 2021 and then to June 30, 2021. There was a consent fee of 100,000 for this extension. 

On February 9, 2021, the Company prepaid all of
the outstanding obligations in respect of principal, interest, fees and expenses under the Second Lien Loan Agreement, among the Company,
certain lenders and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC. The payoff amount of approximately 3.18 million was comprised of (i) 3.1 million
of principal, (2) accrued payment-in-kind interest of .018 million, (3) accrued current interest of 0.007 million, and (4) fees and
expenses of 0.004 million. Upon such prepayment, the Second Lien Loan Agreement was terminated effective February 9, 2021. 

The 10.0 million note payable 2018 Loan to Bison Global
Investment SPC for and on behalf of Global Investment SPC-Bison Global No. 1, another affiliate of Bison Bison Global ),
due July 20, 2019 is guaranteed by Bison Entertainment and Media Group BEMG ). On July 20, 2018, the Company also entered
into a side letter (the Letter with BEMG, where BEMG agreed to guarantee the payment directly to Bison Global of any amount
due if (i) the 2018 Loan matures prior to June 28, 2021 or (ii) Bison Global demands payment of the 2018 Loan, in whole or in part, prior
to maturity. 

On July 12, 2019, the Company and Bison Global
entered into a termination agreement (the Termination Agreement with respect to the 10.0 million 2018 Loan. Contemporaneously
with the Termination Agreement, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note Bison Convertible Note with Bison
Global for 10.0 million. 

The Bison Convertible Note has a term ending on March 4, 2020, and
had an interest rate of 5 per annum. The principal was payable upon maturity, in cash or in shares of our Common Stock, par value 0.001
per share (the Common Stock ), or a combination of cash and Common Stock, at the Company s option. The Bison Convertible
Note was unsecured and may be prepaid without premium or penalty, and contains customary covenants, representations and warranties. The
proceeds of the Bison Convertible Note were used to repay the 2018 Loan. On April 15, 2020, the Company executed a letter amendment (the
 Letter Amendment to the Bison Convertible Note. Among other things, the Letter Amendment amended the Bison Convertible
Note, effective as of March 4, 2020, to change the maturity date of the Bison Convertible Note to March 4, 2021. The Bison Convertible
Note due 2021 was converted to Common Stock in March 2021. See Note 5 Notes Payable. 

28 

On October 9, 2018, the Company issued a subordinated convertible
note (the Convertible Note to MingTai Investment LP (the Lender for 5.0 million. All proceeds from
the Convertible Note were used to pay the 5.0 million 2013 Notes. See Note 5 Notes Payable. The Convertible Note bears
interest at 8 and matured on October 9, 2019. The principal is payable upon maturity, in cash or in shares of our Common Stock, or
a combination of cash and Common Stock, at the Company s option. On October 9, 2019, the Company signed an extension to the
Ming Tai Note of 5.0 million for the first of two (2) permitted additional (1) year extensions at the Company s option from
the original maturity date to October 9, 2020. 

On April 15, 2020, the Company executed a letter amendment (the
 Letter Amendment to the Bison Convertible Note (as defined in Note 5 Notes Payable). Among other things, the
Letter Amendment amended the Note, effective as of March 4, 2020, to extend the maturity date of the Bison Convertible note to March
4, 2021. 

On October 9, 2019, the Company signed an extension
to the Ming Tai Note of 5.0 million for the first of two (2) permitted additional (1) year extensions at the Company s option
from the original maturity date to October 9, 2020. This note will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms, including
the Company s reservation of its right to further extend the maturity date of this note, if it so elects. 

On September 11, 2020, the Bison and Mingtai Notes,
having an aggregate of 15 million principal amount (the Notes were converted in full into an aggregate of 10,000,000
shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 1.50 per share in accordance with the terms of the Notes. Accordingly, the Notes have
been extinguished. The Notes were held by Bison Global and, both of which are affiliates of Peixin Xu, the Chairman of Bison Capital Holding
Company Limited, which is indirectly Cinedigm s largest stockholder. 

On March 4, 2021, Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC CDCH ),
Access Digital Media, Inc., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., Christie/AIX, Inc., Cinedigm Digital Funding I, LLC, certain Lenders,
and Prospect Capital Corporation, as administrative agent and collateral agent Prospect ), entered into Amendment No. 3
(the Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement dated February 28, 2013 (the Term Loan Agreement ). Under the Amendment,
the maturity date of the loan under the Term Loan Agreement (the Loan was extended to March 31, 2022. Upon a series of
payments between April 30 and July 9, 2021, the Company paid in full the Prospect loan non-recourse outstanding debt amount by paying
an aggregate principal amount of 7.8 million. 

We believe the combination of:
(i) our cash and cash equivalent balances at March 31, 2022 and (ii) expected cash flow from operations, will be sufficient for our operations
and capital needs, for at least twelve months from the filing of this report. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, and
we may need to use capital resources and obtain additional capital. Failure to generate additional revenues, obtain additional capital
or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). In connection with the
preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and the related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates
and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated
financial statements are prepared. On a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments
to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and in accordance with GAAP. However, because future events and their effects
cannot be determined with certainty, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Management believes that the following accounting
policies are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require
management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the
Audit Committee of our board of directors. 

29 

FAIR VALUE ESTIMATES 

Goodwill, Intangible and Long-Lived Assets

Goodwill is the excess of the
purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of an acquired business. Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis
or more often if warranted by events or changes in circumstances indicating that the carrying value may exceed fair value, also known
as impairment indicators. 

Inherent in the fair value determination
for each reporting unit are certain judgments and estimates relating to future cash flows, including management s interpretation
of current economic indicators and market conditions, and assumptions about our strategic plans with regard to its operations. To the
extent additional information arises, market conditions change, or our strategies change, it is possible that the conclusion regarding
whether our remaining goodwill is impaired could change and result in future goodwill impairment charges that will have a material effect
on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 

The Company
has the option to assess goodwill for possible impairment by performing a qualitative analysis to determine if it is more likely than
not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or to perform the quantitative impairment test. 

We review the recoverability of our long-lived
assets and finite-lived intangible assets, when events or conditions occur that indicate a possible impairment exists. Determining whether
impairment has occurred typically requires various estimates and assumptions, including determining which cash flows are directly related
to the potentially impaired asset, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, their amount and the asset s residual value, if any.
The assessment for recoverability is based primarily on our ability to recover the carrying value of its long-lived and finite-lived assets
from expected future undiscounted net cash flows. If the total of expected future undiscounted net cash flows is less than the total carrying
value of the assets the asset is deemed not to be recoverable and possibly impaired. We then estimate the fair value of the asset to determine
whether an impairment loss should be recognized. An impairment loss will be recognized if the asset s fair value is determined to be less
than its carrying value. Fair value is determined by computing the expected future discounted cash flows. 

During the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, an impairment charge
of 2.0 million and 0 was recorded to intangible assets. 

30 

REVENUE RECOGNITION 

Adoption of ASU Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers 

We determine revenue recognition by: 

identifying the contract, or contracts, with the customer; 

identifying the performance obligations in the contract; 

determining the transaction price; 

allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognizing revenue when, or as, we satisfy performance obligations by transferring the promised goods or services. 

We recognize revenue in the amount that reflects the consideration
we expect to receive in exchange for the services provided, sales of physical products (DVD s and Blu-ray Discs) or when the content
is available for subscription on the digital platform or available on the point-of-sale for transactional and video on demand services
which is when the control of the promised products and services is transferred to our customers and our performance obligations under
the contract have been satisfied. Revenues that might be subject to various taxes are recorded net of transaction taxes assessed by governmental
authorities such as sales value-added taxes and other similar taxes. 

Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and typically provide
net 30 to 90 day terms. We do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component when
we expect, at contract inception, that the period between our transfer of a promised product or service to our customer and payment for
that product or service will be one year or less. We have in the past entered into arrangements in connection with activation fees due
from our System deployments that had extended payment terms. The outstanding balances on these arrangements are insignificant and hence
the impact of significant financing would be insignificant. 

Cinema Equipment Business 

Our Cinema Equipment Business consists of financing vehicles and administrators for 696 Systems installed nationwide in our first deployment
phase Phase I Deployment to theatrical exhibitors and for 2,147 Systems installed domestically and internationally in
our second deployment phase Phase II Deployment ). 

We retain ownership of our Systems
and the residual cash flows related to the Systems in Phase I Deployment after the end of the 10-year deployment payment period. 

For certain Phase II Deployment
Systems, we do not retain ownership of the residual cash flows and digital cinema equipment in Phase II Deployment after the completion
of cost recoupment and at the expiration of the exhibitor master license agreements. 

The Cinema Equipment Business
also provides monitoring, data collection, serial data verification and management services to this segment, as well as to exhibitors
who purchase their own equipment, in order to collect virtual print fees VPFs from motion picture studios and distributors
and Alternative Content Fees ACFs from alternative content providers, and to distribute those fees to theatrical exhibitors
(collectively, Services ). 

VPFs are earned, net of administrative
fees, pursuant to contracts with movie studios and distributors, whereby amounts are payable by a studio to Phase I Deployment and to
Phase II Deployment when movies distributed by the studio are displayed on screens utilizing our Systems installed in movie theatres.
VPFs are earned and payable to Phase I Deployment based on a defined fee schedule until the end of the VPF term. One VPF is payable for
every digital title initially displayed per System. The amount of VPF revenue is dependent on the number of movie titles released and
displayed using the Systems in any given accounting period. VPF revenue is recognized in the period the title first plays for general
audience viewing in a digital projector equipped movie theatre. The Phase 1 Deployment s and Phase 2 Deployments performance obligations
for revenue recognition are met at this time. 

31 

Phase II Deployment s agreements
with distributors require the payment of VPFs, according to a defined fee schedule, for ten years from the date each system is installed;
however, Phase II Deployment may no longer collect VPFs once cost recoupment, as defined in the contracts with movie studios
and distributors, is achieved. Cost recoupment will occur once the cumulative VPFs and other cash receipts collected by Phase II Deployment
have equaled the total of all cash outflows, including the purchase price of all Systems, all financing costs, all overhead and
ongoing costs , as defined, and including service fees, subject to maximum agreed upon amounts during the three-year rollout period
and thereafter. Further, if cost recoupment occurs before the end of the eighth contract year, the studios will pay us a one-time cost
recoupment bonus. The Company evaluated the constraining estimates related to the variable consideration, i.e., the one-time bonus
and determined that it is not probable to conclude at this point in time that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognized will occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 

Under the terms of our standard
cinema equipment licensing agreements, exhibitors will continue to have the right to use our Systems through the end of the term of the
licensing agreement, after which time, they have the option to: (1) return the Systems to us; (2) renew their license agreement for successive
one-year terms; or (3) purchase the Systems from us at fair market value. As permitted by these agreements, we typically pursue the sale
of the Systems to such exhibitors. Cinedigm recognizes revenue once the customer takes possession of the Systems and Cinedigm received
the sale proceeds. Such sales were originally contemplated as the conclusion of the digital cinema deployment plan. Total system sales
executed was 6.1 million and 6.7 million, during the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues earned in
connection with up front exhibitor contributions are deferred and recognized over the expected cost recoupment period. 

Exhibitors who purchased and
own Systems using their own financing in Phase II of the Cinema Equipment Business paid us an upfront activation fee of approximately
 2.0 thousand per screen (the Exhibitor-Buyer Structure ). Upfront activation fees were recognized in the period in
which these Systems were delivered and ready for content, as we had no further obligations to the customer after that time and collection
was reasonably assured. In addition, we recognize activation fee revenue of between 1.0 thousand and 2.0 thousand on Phase
II Deployment Systems and for Systems installed by CDF2 Holdings, a related party, (See Note 3 Other Interests upon
installation and such fees are generally collected upfront upon installation. Our services division manages and collects VPFs on behalf
of exhibitors, for which it earns an administrative fee equal to 10 of the VPFs collected. 

The Cinema Equipment Business
earns an administrative fee of approximately 5 of VPFs collected and, in addition, earns an incentive service fee equal to 2.5 
of the VPFs earned by Phase 1 DC. This administrative fee is related to the collection and remittance of the VPF s and the performance
obligation is satisfied at that time the related VPF fees are due which is at the time the movies are displayed on screens utilizing our
Systems installed in movie theatres. The service fees are recognized as a point in time revenue when the corresponding VPF fees are due
from the movie studios and distributors. 

Content Entertainment Business 

CEG earns fees for the distribution
of content in the home entertainment markets via several distribution channels, including digital, video on demand VOD 
or OTT Streaming and Digital ), and physical goods (e.g., DVDs and Blu-ray Discs) Physical Revenue or Base
Distribution Business ). Fees earned are typically a percentage based on the net amounts received from our customers. Depending
upon the nature of the agreements with the platform and content providers, the fee rate that we earn varies. The Company s performance
obligations include the delivery of content for transactional, subscription and ad supported/free ad-supported streaming TV FAST 
on the digital platforms, and shipment of DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. Revenue is recognized at the point in time when the performance obligation
is satisfied, which is when the content is available for subscription on the digital platform, at the time of shipment for physical goods,
or point-of-sale for transactional and VOD services as the control over the content or the physical title is transferred to the customer.
The Company considers the delivery of content through various distribution channels to be a single performance obligation. Physical revenue
is recognized after deducting the reserves for sales returns and other allowances, which are accounted for as variable consideration. 

Physical goods reserved for sales
returns and other allowances are recorded based upon historical experience. If actual future returns and allowances differ from past experience,
adjustments to our allowances may be required. 

CEG also has contracts for the
theatrical distribution of third party feature movies and alternative content. CEG s distribution fee revenue and CEG s participation
in box office receipts are recognized at the time a feature movie and alternative content are viewed. CEG has the right to receive or
bill a portion of the theatrical distribution fee in advance of the exhibition date, and therefore such amount is recorded as a receivable
at the time of execution, and all related distribution revenue is deferred until the third party feature movies or alternative
content s theatrical release date. 

32 

Principal Agent Considerations 

We determine whether revenue should be reported on a gross or net basis
based on each revenue stream. Key indicators that we use in evaluating gross versus net treatment include, but are not limited to, the
following: 

which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; and 

which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service. 

Shipping and Handling 

Shipping and handling costs are incurred to move physical goods (e.g.,
DVDs and Blu-ray Discs) to customers. We recognize all shipping and handling costs as an expense in cost of goods sold because we are
responsible for delivery of the product to our customers prior to transfer of control to the customer. 

Credit Losses 

We maintain reserves for potential
credit losses on accounts receivable. We review the composition of accounts receivable and analyze historical bad debts, customer concentrations,
customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves.
Reserves are recorded primarily on a specific identification basis. 

Our CEG segment recognizes accounts
receivable, net of an estimated allowance for product returns and customer chargebacks, at the time that it recognizes revenue from a
sale. Reserves for product returns and other allowances is variable consideration as part of the transaction price. If actual future returns
and allowances differ from past experience, adjustments to our allowances may be required. 

We record accounts receivable,
long-term in connection with activation fees that we earn from Systems deployments that have extended payment terms. Such accounts receivable
are discounted to their present value at prevailing market rates. 

Contract Liabilities 

We generally record a receivable
related to revenue when we have an unconditional right to invoice and receive payment, and we record deferred revenue (contract liability)
when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, even if amounts are refundable. 

Deferred revenue pertaining to
our Content Entertainment Business includes amounts related to the sale of DVDs with future release dates. 

Deferred revenue relating to
our Cinema Equipment Business pertains to revenues earned in connection with up front exhibitor contributions that are deferred and recognized
over the expected cost recoupment period. It also includes unamortized balances in connection with activation fees due from the Systems
deployments that have extended payment terms. 

The ending deferred revenue balance, including current and non-current
balances, as of March 31, 2022 was 0.2 million. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the additions to our deferred revenue balance were
primarily due to cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying performance obligations, while the reductions to our deferred
revenue balance were primarily due to the recognition of revenue upon fulfillment of our performance obligations, both of which were in
the ordinary course of business. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, 813 thousand of revenue was
recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year. 

Participations and royalties
payable 

When we use third parties to
distribute company owned content, we record participations payable, which represent amounts owed to the distributor under revenue-sharing
arrangements. When we provide content distribution services, we record accounts payable and accrued expenses to studios or content producers
for royalties owed under licensing arrangements. We identify and record as a reduction to the liability any expenses that are to be reimbursed
to us by such studios or content producers. 

33 

ASSET ACQUISITIONS 

An asset acquisition is an acquisition of an asset,
or a group of assets, that does not meet the definition of a business as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired
are concentrated in a single or group of similar, identifiable assets. Asset acquisitions are accounted for by using the cost accumulation
model whereby the cost of the acquisition, including certain transaction costs, is allocated to the assets acquired on a relative fair
value basis. Determining and valuing intangible assets requires judgment. 

BUSINESS COMBINATIONS 

The Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with FASB ASC 805,
 Business Combinations ASC 805 ), and goodwill in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other ASC 350 ). The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets acquired
in a business combination is recorded as goodwill. ASC 805 specifies criteria to be used in determining whether intangible assets acquired
in a business combination must be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. Amounts assigned to goodwill and other identifiable
intangible assets are based on independent appraisals or internal estimates. 

ASC 805 defines the acquirer in a business combination as the entity
that obtains control of one or more businesses in a business combination and establishes the acquisition date as the date the acquirer
achieves control. ASC 805 requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest
in the acquirer (if any) at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values as of that date. ASC 805 also requires the acquirer to
recognize contingent consideration (if any) at the acquisition date, measured at its fair value at that date. 

Results of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended March 31,
2022 and 2021 

Revenues 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 18,159 
 3,222 
 14,937 
 464 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 37,895 
 28,197 
 9,698 
 34 

56,054 
 31,419 
 24,635 
 78 

Revenues generated by our Cinema Equipment Business segment increased
as a result of the revenue recognition for the AMC Equipment Purchase Agreements, and the recognition of variable considerations and
the reopening of theatres showing major studio new content. During the year ended March 31, 2021, theatres re-opened with limited capacities
as vaccines became readily available and as fully reopened as of March 31, 2022. Total system sales
revenue recognized was 11.3 million and 0.6 million, during the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Blockbuster content released during the period ending March 31, 2022 showed an uptick in VPF revenue but fell shy of
pre-pandemic levels. The revenues in the Content Entertainment Business segment increased by 34 for the year ended
March 31, 2022 compared to the year ended March 31, 2021. The increase is consistent with the addition of five new streaming channels
related to Screambox, Bloody Disgusting and DMR business acquisitions as well as an increase in the number of advertising partners and
stay at home orders increased in home digital viewing. 

Direct Operating Expenses 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 687 
 683 
 4 
 1 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 20,207 
 15,420 
 4,787 
 31 

20,894 
 16,103 
 4,791 
 30 

The increase in direct operating expenses in the year ended March 31,
2022 for the Cinema Equipment Business compared to the prior period was primarily due to a slight increase in asset storage costs. The
increase in direct operating expenses in the year ended March 31, 2022 for the Content Entertainment Business compared to the prior
period was primarily due to 3.3 million higher content and production costs related to continued growth in revenue and distribution,
and expenses for newly acquired channels. Software as a service SaaS costs increased 2.4 million on Cinedigm owned and
managed channels from higher transactions and revenue. Other direct operating expenses, including licensing, participations fees and website
content costs were 0.8 million higher. However, direct operating costs were partially offset by 2.5 million lower freight and fulfillment
due to lower physical sales in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Cinema Equipment Business 

1,405 

2,155 

(750) 

(35) 
 
 Content Entertainment 

13,935 

9,798 

4,137 

42 

Corporate 

14,211 

9,917 

4,294 

43 

29,551 

21,870 

7,681 

35 

Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended March
31, 2022 increased by 8 million primarily due to the acquisitions of Screambox, DMR and Bloody Disguising. 2.4 million increase in personnel
costs, 2.2 million in long term incentive plan stock appreciation rights, 0.4 million in computer related expenses and 0.4 million
in public relations expenses. 

34 

Recovery of Doubtful Accounts 

Recovery of doubtful accounts was (0.5) million and (0.1) million
for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Depreciation and Amortization Expense on Property and Equipment 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 1,160 
 3,916 
 (2,756 
 (70 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 571 
 461 
 110 
 24 
 
 Corporate 
 3 
 27 
 (24 
 (89 

1,734 
 4,404 
 (2,670 
 (61 

Depreciation and amortization expense decreased in our Cinema Equipment
Business Segment as the majority of our digital cinema projection systems reached the conclusion of their ten-year useful lives during
fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Corporate and Content Entertainment depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment
is 0.1 million higher due to the addition of software placed into service and amortization related to the business acquisition intangibles. 

Amortization of intangible assets 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 - 
 23 
 (23 
 (100 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 2,830 
 2,488 
 342 
 14 
 
 Corporate 
 2 
 4 
 (2 
 (50 

2,832 
 2,515 
 317 
 13 

Amortization of intangible assets decrease in our Cinema Equipment Business
Segment as the intangibles held by that segment were fully amortized during the 2021 year. Corporate and Content Entertainment amortization
expense on intangible assets is 342 thousand higher due to the addition of intangible assets from our acquisitions during the 2022 fiscal
year. 

Impairment of intangible assets 

During the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an impairment
of 2.0 million and 0 for our customer relationships, respectively, related to our Content Entertainment Segment. 

Interest expense, net 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 138 
 2,346 
 (2,208 
 (94 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 - 
 9 
 (9 
 (100 
 
 Corporate 
 217 
 1,695 
 (1,478 
 (87 

355 
 4,050 
 (3,695 
 (91 

Interest expense in the Cinema Equipment Business segment decreased
primarily as a result of satisfying the Prospect Term Loan in during the quarter ended June 30, 2021. Interest expense in our Corporate
segment decreased as a result of lower loan balances from our Credit Facility, the forgiveness of the PPP Loan, reduction in Second Lien
Loans due to exchange for Common Stock and the conversion of the Bison Convertible Note and the Mingtai Convertible Note into shares of
Common Stock. 

35 

Changes in fair value in Metaverse 

During the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, we sold 680,000
shares of Metaverse shares for net proceeds of approximately 12.3 thousand and 8,370,000 of Metaverse shares for net proceeds of approximately
 0.8 million, respectively, which resulted in a loss on sale of approximately 1 thousand and 73 thousand, respectively. 

As of March, 31, 2022 and 2021, the value of our equity
investment in Metaverse, using the readily determinable fair value method from the quoted trading price of the Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong, was approximately 7.03 million and 6.44 million, respectively, resulting in a change in fair value of approximately
 0.59 million and (43.5) million for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. 

Extinguishment of PPP Loan 

For the year ended March 31,
2022, we recognized a gain on extinguishment of note payable of 2.2 million for the forgiveness of PPP loan principal and interest due
the approval of our PPP Loan forgiveness application by the U.S. Small Business Administration. This amount represents the entirety of
our PPP loan and interest balance. 

Income Tax Expense 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, the income
tax (benefit) of (0.8) million represents a (0.9) tax benefit mainly related to the releases of valuation allowance for a net change
of the deferred taxes, resulting from acquisition of Foundation TV. We also recorded income tax expense of 0.1 which was mainly
related to taxable income at the state level and timing differences related to fixed asset depreciation . 
We recorded an income tax (benefit) of approximately (0.3) million for year ended March 31, 2021, mainly related to minor changes in
estimates between the State tax income tax provision and tax filings. 

Net Income/Loss attributable
to common shareholders 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Cinema Equipment Business 
 14,192 
 (6,904 
 21,096 
 306 
 
 Content Entertainment 
 (5,369 
 (3,767 
 (1,602 
 (43 
 
 Corporate 
 (7,053 
 (52,505 
 45,452 
 87 

1,770 
 (63,176 
 64,946 
 103 

Adjusted EBITDA 

We define Adjusted EBITDA to be earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, other income, net, stock-based compensation and expenses, merger and acquisition costs, restructuring, transition and
acquisitions expense, net, goodwill impairment and certain other items. 

Consolidated
Adjusted EBITDA (including the results of Cinema Equipment Business segment) for the year ended March 31, 2022 increased by 13.9
compared to the year ended March 31, 2021. Adjusted EBITDA from our Cinema Equipment Business segment increased primarily due to the
increase in sales of equipment in the current year, and lower revenue in the prior year due to state mandated theater closures due
to COVID-19, the temporary halt of distribution of major studio releases and the expected decline of the Cinema Equipment Business.
Adjusted EBITDA from the Content Entertainment business and Corporate decreased by 1.4 million for the year ended March 31,
2022 compared to the year ended March 31, 2021, due to an increase of 4.8 million in direct operating expense and increase
of 8.4 million in selling, general and administrative, higher stock-based
compensation, and other costs versus previous year despite a 9.7 million increase in Streaming digital revenue, adding channels,
and acquisitions. 

Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under
GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We use Adjusted EBITDA as a financial metric to
measure the financial performance of the business because management believes it provides additional information with respect to the performance
of its fundamental business activities. For this reason, we believe Adjusted EBITDA will also be useful to others, including its stockholders,
as a valuable financial metric. 

36 

We present Adjusted EBITDA because we believe that Adjusted EBITDA
is a useful supplement to net income (loss) from continuing operations as an indicator of operating performance. We also believe that
Adjusted EBITDA is a financial measure that is useful both to management and investors when evaluating our performance and comparing our
performance with that of our competitors. We also use Adjusted EBITDA for planning purposes and to evaluate our financial performance
because Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain incremental expenses or non-cash items, such as stock-based compensation charges, that we believe
are not indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 

We believe that Adjusted EBITDA is a performance measure and not a
liquidity measure, and therefore a reconciliation between net loss from continuing operations and Adjusted EBITDA has been provided in
the financial results. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to income from operations or net loss from continuing
operations as an indicator of performance or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of cash flows,
in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, or as a measure of liquidity. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA does not take into account
changes in certain assets and liabilities as well as interest and income taxes that can affect cash flows. We do not intend the presentation
of these non-GAAP measures to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. These non-GAAP
measures should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Following is the reconciliation of our consolidated
net loss to Adjusted EBITDA: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 2,271 
 (62,905 
 
 Add Back: 

Income tax (income) expense 
 (788 
 (315 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 1,734 
 4,404 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 2,832 
 2,515 
 
 (Gain) Loss on extinguishment of note payable 
 (2,178 
 1,498 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 355 
 4,050 
 
 Intangible impairment 
 1,968 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value on equity investment in Metaverse 
 (585 
 43,518 
 
 Other expense, net 
 471 
 1,475 
 
 Recovery of doubtful accounts 
 (485 
 (122 
 
 Stock-based compensation and expenses 
 5,487 
 2,892 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 (59 
 85 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 11,023 
 (2,905 

Adjustments related to the Cinema Equipment Business 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 
 (1,160 
 (3,916 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 - 
 (23 
 
 Stock-based compensation and expenses 
 - 
 73 
 
 Other expense 
 (11 
 - 
 
 Recovery of doubtful accounts 
 485 
 - 
 
 Income from operations 
 (14,347 
 4,142 
 
 Adjusted negative EBITDA from Content and Entertainment business 
 (4,010 
 (2,629 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our
consolidated financial statements included herein. 

Cash flow 

Changes in our cash flows were as follows: 

For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 
 
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities 
 4,879 
 (20,007 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (12,302 
 (1,710 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 2,636 
 24,272 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (4,787 
 2,555 

37 

As of March 31, 2022, we had cash balances of 13.1 million. 

As of March 31, 2021, we had cash and restricted cash balances of 17.8
million. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities
is primarily driven by income from operations, excluding non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, recovery for doubtful accounts
and stock-based compensation, gain on extinguishment of note payable, including other changes in working capital. Additionally, during
the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company increased accounts payable by 5.4 million to vendors. Accounts receivable increased
due to growth in streaming and acquisitions of Bloody Disgusting, Screambox and DMR. Cash received from VPFs increased from the previous
period as theatres reopened and major studios resumed blockbuster releases in the theatrical market. Changes in accounts receivable
from our studio customers largely impact cash flows from operating activities and vary based on the seasonality of movie release schedules
by the major studios. Operating cash flows from CEG are typically higher during our fiscal third and fourth quarters, resulting from revenues
earned during the holiday season, and lower in the other two quarters as we pay royalties on such revenues. In addition, we make advances
on theatrical releases and to certain home entertainment distribution clients for which initial expenditures are generally recovered within
six to twelve months. Cash flows were also impacted as a result of COVID-19, as during the year ended March 31, 2022, theatres began reopening
in many major markets with limited capacities and discounts remained in place through the first quarter. When the majority of major studios
began releasing blockbuster content to the theatrical markets and attendance improved the discounts were no longer applicable for the
last three quarters in the year ended March 31, 2022. Because our digital cinema business earns a VPF when a movie is first plays on a
system, the business was able to resume earning VPF revenue. 

For the year ended March 31, 2021, net cash used
in operating activities is primarily driven by loss from operations, excluding non-cash expenses such as depreciation, amortization, recovery
for doubtful accounts and stock-based compensation, including other changes in working capital. Additionally, during the year ended March
31, 2021, the Company paid down 29.8 million to vendors at both CEG and Corporate. Cash received from VPFs declined from the previous
period as Phase I Deployment Systems in our Cinema Equipment Business reached the conclusion of their deployment payment periods with
certain major studios. Changes in accounts receivable from our studio customers largely impact cash flows from operating activities and
vary based on the seasonality of movie release schedules by the major studios. Operating cash flows from CEG are typically higher during
our fiscal third and fourth quarters, resulting from revenues earned during the holiday season, and lower in the other two quarters as
we pay royalties on such revenues. In addition, we make advances on theatrical releases and to certain home entertainment distribution
clients for which initial expenditures are generally recovered within six to twelve months. Cash flows were also impacted as a result
of COVID-19, as during the year ended March 31, 2021, theatres in many major markets remained closed throughout the fourth quarter causing
the majority of major studios to move wide releases scheduled for the year ended March 31, 2021 to future dates. Only two major studios
had wide theatrical releases in the last part of the year, however, the theatrical window before the streaming debut was shortened or
eliminated to accommodate the lack of theatrical venues. Because our digital cinema business earns a VPF when a movie is first played
on a system, the temporary theatre closures resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in reduced revenues. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, cash flows
used in investing activities consisted of proceeds from the sale of investment securities of 0.01 million, purchases of property and
equipment of 0.6 million, and 11.7 million related to the purchase of a business. 

For the year ended March 31, 2021, cash flows
used in investing activities consisted of proceeds from the sale of Metaverse shares of 0.8 million, purchases of property and equipment
of 0.06 million, the sale of property and equipment of 0.08 million, and the purchase of intangible assets of 2.5 million related to
the asset acquisition. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, cash flows
provided by financing activities consisted of payments of approximately 7.8 million in notes payable, 2.0 million in Credit Facility
repayments, and 12.4 million received in connection with the issuance Common Stock. 

For the year ended March 31, 2021, cash flows provided by financing
activities consisted of payments of approximately 7.7 million in notes payable, 12.8 million in Credit Facility repayments, 42.7 million
received in connection with the issuance Common Stock, and 2.2 million received pursuant to the Payment Protection Program of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act. 

38 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations
as of March 31, 2022: 

Payments Due 
 
 Contractual Obligations (in thousands) 
 Total 
 2023 
 2024 2025 
 2026 2027 
 Thereafter 
 
 Operating lease obligations 
 749 
 258 
 491 

We may continue to generate net losses for the
foreseeable future primarily due to depreciation and amortization, interest on our debt obligations, marketing and promotional activities
and content acquisition and marketing costs. Certain of these costs, including costs of content acquisition, marketing and promotional
activities, could be reduced if necessary. We feel we are adequately financed for at least the next twelve months; however, we may need
to raise additional capital for working capital as deemed necessary. Failure to generate additional revenues, raise additional capital
or manage discretionary spending could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Seasonality 

Revenues from our Cinema Equipment segment derived
from the collection of VPFs from motion picture studios are seasonal, coinciding with the timing of releases of movies by the motion picture
studios. Generally, motion picture studios release the most marketable movies during the summer and the winter holiday season. The unexpected
emergence of a hit movie during other periods can alter the traditional trend. The timing of movie releases can have a significant effect
on our results of operations, and the results of one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the next quarter or any other
quarter. While CEG benefits from the winter holiday season, we believe the seasonality of motion picture exhibition, is becoming less
pronounced as the motion picture studios are releasing movies somewhat more evenly throughout the year. 

Off-balance sheet arrangements 

We are not a party to any off-balance sheet arrangements. In addition,
as discussed further in Note 2 - Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Note - Other Interests to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we hold a 100 equity interest in CDF2 Holdings, which is
an unconsolidated variable interest entity VIE ), which wholly owns Cinedigm Digital Funding 2, LLC; however, we are not
the primary beneficiary of the VIE. 

Impact of Inflation 

The impact of inflation on our operations has
not been significant to date. However, there can be no assurance that a high rate of inflation in the future would not have an adverse
impact on our operating results. 

39 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 

40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Cinedigm Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Cinedigm Corp. (the Company as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue recognition Content Entertainment
Business segment. 

As disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company s Content Entertainment business segment CEG earns fees for the distribution of content
in the home entertainment markets via several distribution channels, including digital, video on demand VOD and physical
goods. Fees earned are a based on a percentage of the net amounts received from customers, when the Company is an agent in the transaction
and represents the entire amount received from the customer when the Company is considered the principal. The Company s performance
obligations include the delivery of content for transactional, subscription and ad supported streaming on the digital platforms, and shipment
of DVDS and Blu-Ray disks. Revenue is recognized when the content is available for subscription on the digital platform, at the time of
shipment of physical goods, or point-of-sale for transactional and VOD services as the control over the content or the physical titles
is transferred to the customer. Physical revenue is recognized after deducting the reserves for sales returns and revenue reductions,
which are accounted for as variable consideration. Total CEG revenues for the year ended March 31, 2022 37.9 million. 

F- 1 

We identified revenue recognition for CEG as a
critical audit matter due the level of judgement and estimation required by management in the recognition of fees earned from customers
and estimation of revenues accrued at period end; this in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing
procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s determination of management s revenue recognition for CEG. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We obtained an
understanding and evaluated the design of the Company s controls over the revenue recognition of CEG, including obtaining and evaluating
the service auditor s report relating to controls over the third party information used by management in estimating digital revenue.
We gained an understanding of the Company s role as either principal or agent in the revenue streams and management s determination
of revenue streams as either gross or net based on the transfer of control for the good and service. Our audit procedures included, among
others, comparing the revenue recognized to third party statements/reports, which can include sales, cash receipts, returns, revenue deductions,
advance payments, advance recoupments, expenses, and other information, to reconcile to the revenue recognized or the net amounts in which
fees are calculated on, as determined by the underlying contracts or third party statements for a sample of transactions. We also tested
the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements,
as well as the Company s estimation process, on a sample basis, for revenues accrued at period end. 

Valuation of Intangible Assets Acquired in
Business Combinations 

As disclosed
in Note 4, the Company completed three business combinations during the year ended March 31, 2022. The business combinations were accounted
for in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Accordingly, the purchase prices of each acquisition
were allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values, including intangible assets aggregating
to 14.9 million. 

The Company
valued the acquired intangible assets, comprised of developed technology, advertiser relationships, and channels and platform, at fair
value on the date of the acquisitions using income approaches. The methods used to estimate fair value required management to make significant
estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future cash flows, customer attrition rates, discount rates, and royalty rates.

Auditing
the accounting for acquisitions was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair values of identified
intangible assets. The significant estimation uncertainty was primarily due to the sensitivity of the respective fair values to underlying
assumptions about future performance of the acquired businesses and due to the limited historical data on which to base these assumptions. 

Performing
audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of these estimates and assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased
extent of effort, including the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and
evaluating the audit evidence obtained. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of the Company s controls over its
accounting for acquisitions. 

Our audit
procedures also included evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models, and testing the completeness, accuracy and relevance
of the underlying data used in the models, and testing the reasonableness of the forecasts of future cash flows, attrition rates, discount
rates, and royalty rates for the intangible assets acquired. We assessed the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future
cash flows by comparing the projections to historical results. We also evaluated whether the estimated future cash flows were consistent
with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
evaluating the reasonableness of the valuation models and significant assumptions, including the discount and royalty rates that were
independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable companies. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2004 

July 1, 2022 

F- 2 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

March
 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and , respectively 

Inventory 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid
 and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

- 

Equity investment in A Metaverse
 Company, a related party, at fair value 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Operating lease right-of
 use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other
 long-term assets 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Current portion of notes payable, including unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs of and , respectively (see Note 5) 

- 

Current portion of notes payable, non-recourse including unamortized debt discount of and , respectively (see Note 5) 

- 

Current portion of deferred
 consideration on purchase of business 

- 

Current portion of earnout
 consideration on purchase of business 

- 

Operating lease liabilities 

Current
 portion of deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Note payable 

- 

Deferred consideration on
 purchase net of current portion 

- 

Earnout consideration on
 purchase net of current portion 

- 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current portion 

Other
 long-term liabilities 

- 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies
 (see Note 7) 

Stockholders Equity

Preferred stock, shares authorized; Series A - par value per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2022 and 2021. Liquidation preference of 

Common stock, par value; Class A stock and shares authorized at March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and shares issued and and shares outstanding at March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost; and Class A common shares at March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 
 
 Total stockholders 
 equity of Cinedigm Corp. 

Deficit
 attributable to noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 
 
 Total
 equity 

Total
 liabilities and equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 3 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(In thousands, except for share and per share data) 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Direct operating (excludes depreciation and amortization shown below) 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Intangible impairment 
 
 -

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest income, net 

Interest expense 

Changes in fair value of equity investment in Metaverse, a related party 

Income (loss) on extinguishment of note payable 

Other expense, net 
 -

Net income (loss) from operations before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net income (loss) 

Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling
 interest 

Net income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Net income (loss) per Class A common stock attributable to common stockholders - basic: 

Weighted average number of Class A common stock outstanding: basic 

Net income (loss) per Class A common stock attributable to common stockholders - diluted: 

Weighted average number of Class A common stock outstanding: diluted 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 4 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

(In thousands) 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive loss: foreign exchange translation 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: comprehensive (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling interests 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 5 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(In thousands, except
share data) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Class
 A Common Stock 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated 
 Other Comprehensive (Loss) 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Non- 
 Controlling 
 Total 
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit) 
 
 Balances
 as of March 31, 2020 

Foreign
 exchange translation 

Issuance
 of Class A common stock in connection with public offerings 

Issuance
 of Class A common stock in connection with the Metaverse transaction, a related party 

Contributed
 capital under the Metaverse transaction, a related party 

Common
 stock issued in connection with conversion of Convertible Notes and second lien loans 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Exercise
 of warrants for Class A common stock 

Class
 A common stock to be issued in connection with asset acquisitions 

Issuance
 of f Class A common stock for third party professional services 

Preferred
 stock dividends paid with common stock 

Net
 loss 

Balances
 as of March 31, 2021 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 6 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(In thousands, except share data) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Class
 A 
Common Stock 
 Treasury 
 Stock 
 Additional 
 
Paid- In 
 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated
 
Other 
 Comprehensive 
(Loss) 
 Total 

 Stockholders 
Equity 
 Non- 
Controlling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 (Deficit) 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balances
 as of 
 March 31, 2021 

Foreing
 exchange translation 

Stock
 compensation and expenses 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with business combinations 

Preferred
 stock dividends paid in stock 

Treasury
 stock in connection with taxes withheld from employees 

Preferred
 stock dividends accrued 

Issuance
 of common stock for third party equity purchase commitment 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with performance stock units 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with ATM raises, net 

Net
 Income 

Balances
 as of March 31, 2022 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 7 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

For the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and amortization of intangible assets 

Deferred income tax 
 
 - 
 
 Impairment of prepaid advances 
 
 -

Impairment of intangibles 
 
 -

Changes in fair value of equity investment in Metaverse 

Loss from sale of property and equipment 
 -

Amortization of debt issuance costs included in interest expense 
 -

Stock-based compensation and expenses 

Interest expense for deferred consideration 
 
 -

Change in fair value of earnout for earnout consideration 
 
 -

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of note payable 

Accretion and PIK interest expense added to note payable 
 -

Other 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Unbilled revenue 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash provided (used in) by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchase of intangible assets 

Purchase of business, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment 
 -

Sale of equity investment securities 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Payments of notes payable 

Repayments under revolving credit agreement, net 

Proceeds from PPP Loan 
 -

Net proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 8 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million for the year ended March 31, 2022. We also have an accumulated deficit of million and negative working capital of
 million as of March 31, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was million.
We may continue to generate net losses for the foreseeable future. Based on these conditions, the Company entered into the following transactions
described below: 

cinematic projectors starting in March 2021 and continuing through January
2023 for total cash consideration of million. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company recognized aggregate revenue for
 9.9 million. A portion of the total proceeds were used to pay down the remaining outstanding balance of the Prospect Loan notes
payable. 

F- 9 

million from East West Bank, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Loan matures on April 10, 2022 (the PPP
Maturity Date ), accrues interest at per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part without penalty. No interest payments
are due within the initial six months of the PPP Loan. The interest accrued during the initial six-month period is due and payable, together
with the principal, on the PPP Maturity Date. The Company used all proceeds from the PPP Loan to retain employees, maintain payroll and
make lease and utility payments to support business continuity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, which amounts were intended to be eligible
for forgiveness, subject to the provisions of the CARES Act, and could be subject to repayment. On July 7, 2021, the Company received
notification from the lender that the U.S. Small Business Administration had approved the Company s PPP Loan forgiveness application
for the entire PPP Loan amount and accrued interest effective as of June 30, 2021. The forgiveness of the PPP Loan was recognized as a
gain of million during the Company s fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

million. Pre-payment of the Prospect Loan was permissible without penalty. 

F- 10 

Restricted Cash 
 -

F- 11 

interest in A Metaverse Company Metaverse ), a leading publicly traded Chinese entertainment company,
 formerly Starrise Media Holdings Limited, whose ordinary shares are listed on the Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong. The Company acquired such interest as a strategic investment and in a private transaction from a shareholder of Metaverse
that is related to our major shareholders. Our major shareholders also maintain a significant beneficial interest ownership in Metaverse.
Upon consummation of the transaction on February 14, 2020, the Company recorded an initial investment of approximately million,
which is the fair market value of the Metaverse shares on the transaction date on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, in exchange for the
Company s common stock of million, valued as of the date of the issuance of the Common Stock of the Company. The difference
in value of shares received in Metaverse and shares issued by the Company is deemed as contributed capital and recorded in additional
paid-in capital. 

interest in Metaverse in a private transaction from shareholders of Metaverse that are affiliated with the major shareholder of the
Company. The Company recorded an additional equity investment of approximately million, which is the fair market value of the
Metaverse shares on the transaction date on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, in exchange for the Company s common stock of million,
valued at the date of the issuance of the Common Stock of the Company. The difference in the value of shares received in Metaverse and
shares issued by the Company is deemed as contributed capital and recorded in additional paid-in capital. This transaction was also recorded
as an equity investment in Metaverse. 

shares of Metaverse shares for net proceeds of approximately thousand and of Metaverse shares for net proceeds
of approximately million, respectively, which resulted in a loss on sale of approximately thousand and thousand,
respectively. 

million and million, respectively, resulting in a change in fair value of approximately million for the year ended March
31, 2022. At March 31, 2022, the Company owned shares or of Metaverse. 

outstanding Metaverse ordinary shares (the Metaverse Share Acquisition ). On February 14, 2020, the Company
purchased of the Metaverse ordinary shares from BeiTai and issued BeiTai shares of its Class
A common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock in consideration therefor. The Metaverse shares received
were valued at approximately million and the Company issued shares that were valued at approximately million. On April
10, 2020, the Company, in accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, terminated its obligation to purchase Metaverse ordinary
shares from Aim Right under the Metaverse Stock Purchase Agreement. 

On April 1, 2022, trading of Metaverse s ordinary shares was halted. (See
Note 11) 

and Metaverse
ordinary shares to satisfy outstanding liabilities with these vendors. Upon the sale of the Metaverse shares by the vendors, with certain
restrictions on sales unless the Company gave consent to sell, if the proceeds did not satisfy the amount due to the vendor, the Company
was liable for the balance owed. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company reduced the amount payable to its vendors by million
as of March 31, 2021. There were no such transactions during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

F- 12 

million and million, for
the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- years 
 
 Internal use software 
 years 
 
 Digital cinema projection systems 
 years 
 
 Machinery and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 

F- 13 

million and was recorded from operations for long-lived assets or finite-lived assets. 

million and for our customer relationships,
respectively. 

years 
 
 Content Library 
 years 
 
 Customer Relationships 
 years 
 
 Tradename 
 years 
 
 Theatre Relationship 
 years 
 
 Patents 
 years 
 
 Supplier Agreements 
 years 
 
 Intangible Assets 
 - years 
 
 Software 
 years 

-

Content Library 

-

Customer Relationships 

Tradename 

-

Theatre Relationship 

-
 
 -

Patents 

-
 
 -

Supplier Agreements 

-

Intangible Assets 

-

Software 

-

Total Intangible Assets 

F- 14 

-

Content Library 

-

Customer Relationships 

-

Theatre Relationship 

-
 
 -

Total Intangible Assets 

-

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

and Hong Kong Dollars to US Dollar, respectively.
The fair value of this equity investment is measured by the quoted market price of Metaverse on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. The adjustment
to fair value of this investment resulted in a gain of and loss of for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Liabilities: 

Current portion of earnout consideration on purchase of a business 

Long term portion of earnout consideration on purchase of a business 

Equity investment in Metaverse, at fair value 

F- 15 

Goodwill from business combinations see Note 4 

Goodwill at March 31, 2022 

F- 16 

Amounts due to producers, net 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued taxes (refund) payable 

Interest payable 
 -

Accrued other expenses 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advances 

Due from producers 

Prepaid insurance 

Other prepaid expenses 

Total prepaid and other current assets 

million and million, for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

-year deployment
payment period. 

F- 17 

million and million, during the year ended March
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Revenues earned in connection with up front exhibitor contributions are
deferred and recognized over the expected cost recoupment period. 

thousand per screen (the Exhibitor-Buyer Structure ). Upfront activation fees were recognized
in the period in which these Systems were delivered and ready for content, as we had no further obligations to the customer after that
time and collection was reasonably assured. In addition, we recognize activation fee revenue of between thousand and thousand
on Phase II Deployment Systems and for Systems installed by CDF2 Holdings, a related party, (See Note 3 - Other Interests upon installation and such fees are generally collected upfront upon installation. Our services division manages and collects VPFs on
behalf of exhibitors, for which it earns an administrative fee equal to of the VPFs collected. 

of VPFs collected and, in addition, earns an incentive service
fee equal to of the VPFs earned by Phase 1 DC. This administrative fee is related to the collection and remittance of the VPF s
and the performance obligation is satisfied at that time the related VPF fees are due which is at the time the movies are displayed on
screens utilizing our Systems installed in movie theatres. The service fees are recognized as a point in time revenue when the corresponding
VPF fees are due from the movie studios and distributors. 

F- 18 

million. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the additions to our deferred revenue balance were
primarily due to cash payments received or due in advance of satisfying performance obligations, while the reductions to our deferred
revenue balance were primarily due to the recognition of revenue upon fulfillment of our performance obligations, both of which were
in the ordinary course of business. For year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, there was and , respectively,
included in accounts payable that represents a refund liability, a portion or all of which may be recognized as revenue upon completion
of audit periods. 

thousand of revenue was
recognized that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the year. During the year ended March 31, 2022, 
million of revenue was recognized that was included in the accounts payable balance as constrained variable consideration at the beginning
of the year. The Company recognized the revenue related once the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration was resolved. 

F- 19 

Phase II Deployment 

Services 

Digital System Sales 

Total Cinema Equipment Business revenue 

Content Entertainment Business: 

Physical Goods 

OTT Streaming and Digital 

Total Content Entertainment Business revenue 

customers, Amazon
and Distribution Solutions each represented and respectively of CEG s revenues and approximately and , respectively,
of our consolidated revenues. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, Amazon and Distribution Solutions
represented and respectively of CEG s revenues and approximately and , respectively, of our consolidated Revenues. 

F- 20 

likely to be recognized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing
authority is recorded. The Company has no uncertain tax positions. 

shares for the year ended March 31, 2022, respectively, was included
in the computations of diluted earnings per share. The calculation of diluted net income per share for the year ended March 31, 2022
does not include the impact of potentially dilutive shares relating to stock options, stock appreciation rights, and warrants
as their impact would have been anti-dilutive as their exercise prices are above the Company s average Common Stock price during
the period. 

shares as of March 31, 2021, were excluded from the computations of loss per share as their impact would
have been anti-dilutive. 

F- 21 

of the common equity of CDF2 Holdings, LLC CDF2 Holdings ), which was created for the purpose of capitalizing
on the conversion of the exhibition industry from film to digital technology. CDF2 Holdings assists its customers in procuring the equipment
necessary to convert their systems to digital technology by providing financing, equipment, installation and related ongoing services. 

million and million
as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively, which are included in accounts receivable, net on the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets. 

million and thousand of digital cinema servicing revenue from CDF2 Holdings for the
year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million, respectively. We have no
obligation to fund the operating loss or the stockholders deficit beyond our initial investment of million and, accordingly,
our investment in CDF2 Holdings as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 is carried at . 

interest in CON TV, LLC, a worldwide digital network that creates original content, and sells and distributes on-demand digital content
on the Internet and other consumer digital distribution platforms, such as gaming consoles, set-top boxes, handsets, and tablets. 

shares of Roundtable Series A Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase shares of Roundtable Common Stock (together,
the Roundtable Securities ). The Company paid the purchase price for the Roundtable Securities by issuing to Roundtable 
shares of Common Stock is based on the closing price of the company on the date of the purchase. The Company recorded million for
the purchase of the Roundtable Securities which is included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The investment
in the Roundtable Securities was made in connection with a proposed collaboration with Roundtable regarding production and distribution
of streaming content including the launch of high profile branded enthusiast streaming channels. The Roundatble investment was accounted for using the cost method. 

The Foundation Stock Purchase Agreement contained certain
conditions to closing, including that the Company obtain approval of its stockholders, applicable lenders, and regulatory authorities,
as applicable, and representations and warranties and covenants as are customary for transactions of this type. On June 9, 2021, the FoundationTV
acquisition was consummated. The Company incurred transaction costs of thousand during the year ended March 31, 2022. As of March
31, 2022, the deferred consideration initially measured by bringing to present value the agreed-upon cash payments discounted by a 
rate, includes a million short-term payable and a long-term payable for million. FoundationTV is included as a part
of the Content Entertainment segment. 

Total purchase price 

Allocation of purchase price 

Developed technology 

Deferred tax liability 

Goodwill 

Total allocation of purchase
 price 

F- 22 

years. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the
Company recorded thousand in amortization expense related to the developed technology acquired in the acquisition. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

Total 

Bloody
Disgusting, LLC is included as a part of the Content Entertainment segment. 

Total purchase price 

Allocation of purchase price 

Current assets 

Advertiser relationships 

Trade name 

Goodwill 

Total allocation of purchase price 

years and the trade name acquired has a useful life of years.
During the year months ended March 31, 2022, the Company recorded thousand in amortization expense related to the intangible
assets acquired. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

2033 

2034 

Total 

F- 23 

, subject to working capital and other adjustments, consisting of (1) in cash
paid at the closing of the Transaction and (ii) paid, at the Company s option, in either cash or Common Stock at its
then market value, as follows: (a) 3,000,000 on the first anniversary of the closing of the Transaction, (b) 3,000,000 on the second
anniversary of the closing of the Transaction, and (c) 2,400,000 on the third anniversary of the closing of the Transaction. DMR
is included as a part of the Content Entertainment segment. 

Total purchase price 

Allocation of purchase price 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expense 

Other receivables 

Right of use asset - operating 

Furniture fixtures 

Computers and related equipment 

Deposits 

Channel platform 

Content rights 

Investment in Kor TV 

Goodwill 

Short term liabilities 

Long term liabilities 

Total allocation of purchase price 

and channel acquired has a useful life of years. During the year
ended March 31, 2022, the Company recorded in amortization expense related to the intangible assets acquired. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

2033 

2034 

2035 

Total 

Net Loss 

F- 24 

Proforma Information (Unaudited) 

Net Income (Loss) 

Total non-recourse notes payable 

Total non-recourse notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts 

Credit Facility 

PPP Loan 

Total recourse notes payable 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts 

Total recourse notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts 

Total notes payable, net of unamortized debt issuance costs 

million. The Prospect Loan included
interest at LIBOR plus (with a LIBOR floor), which was payable in cash, and at an additional accrued as
an increase to the aggregate principal amount of the Prospect Loan until the Prospect Loan was paid off, at which time all accrued interest
became payable in cash. 

and million, respectively, which was classified as part of
restricted cash on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

to Prospect to reduce the outstanding principal amount of the Loan. 

million per year in the event financial performance
did not meet certain defined benchmarks. 

million. Pre-payment of the Prospect Loan was permissible without penalty. 

F- 25 

PIK Interest 

Payments to date 

Prospect Loan, gross 

Less unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discounts 

Prospect Loan, net 

Less current portion 

Total long term portion 

per annum. The principal was due on March 4, 2021,
in cash or in shares of Common Stock, or a combination of cash and Common Stock, at the Company s option. The Bison Convertible
Note was convertible at the Company s option, at any time prior to payment in full of the principal balance and all accrued interest
of the note, to convert this note in whole or in part, into fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company s Class A common
stock. 

shares of Common Stock at a conversion price
of per share. Accordingly, the Bison Convertible Note has been extinguished. In accordance with ASC 470, the Company recognized
a loss on extinguishment of thousand related to unamortized debt issuance costs for the nine months ended December 31, 2020. 

million in revolving loans
outstanding at any one time with a maturity date of March 31, 2020, which may be extended for two successive one-year periods at the sole
discretion of the lender, subject to certain conditions. 

plus Prime Rate or above LIBOR
Rate established by the lender. 

million, required certain prepayments and daily cash sweeps from collections of receivables to be made,
changed in certain respects how the borrowing base is calculated, and extended the maturity date to June 30, 2020. In connection with
the EWB Amendment, three of our subsidiaries became Guarantors under the Credit Facility. On June 25, 2020, the Company and East West
Bank amended the Credit Facility to extend the maturity of the Credit Facility to June 30, 2021 and waive events of default provisions.
On June 22, 2021, the maturity date of the Credit Facility was extended to . During this extension period, unless an
amendment had been entered into, we were not able to access any additional borrowings under the Credit Facility. The September 28,
2021 expiration date has passed and the agreement was not extended. 

and million outstanding, respectively. 

million from East West Bank, the Company s existing lender, pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the
 PPP Loan of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The PPP Loan matures
on April 10, 2022 (the PPP Maturity Date ), accrues interest at per annum and may be prepaid in whole or in part
without penalty. No interest payments are due within the initial six months of the PPP Loan. The interest accrued during the initial six-month
period is due and payable, together with the principal, on the PPP Maturity Date. The Company used all proceeds from the PPP Loan to retain
employees, maintain payroll and make lease and utility payments to support business continuity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, which
amounts were intended to be eligible for forgiveness, subject to the provisions of the CARES Act, and could be subject to repayment. On
July 7, 2021, the Company received notification from the lender that the U.S. Small Business Administration had approved the Company s
PPP Loan forgiveness application for the entire PPP Loan amount and accrued interest effective June 30, 2021. For the year ended March
31, 2022, the Company recognized a gain on extinguishment of note payable of in the statement of operations for the forgiveness
of PPP loan principal and interest. 

F- 26 

shares. 

shares of Common Stock which consist of the sale of shares of our Common
Stock, issuance of Common Stock for business combinations, the issuances of Common Stock in payment of preferred stock dividends and in
payment of board retainer fees, and the issuance of Common Stock as payment pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (See Note 3). 

million and million as of March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, respectively. In May 2021 and
October 2021, we paid preferred stock dividends in arrears in the form of and shares of Common Stock,
respectively. 

and shares of Common Stock at March 31, 2022 and March
31, 2021, respectively. 

of the total combined voting power
of the Company must have exercise prices of at least of the fair market value of our Common Stock on the date of grant. ISOs
and non-statutory stock options granted under the 2000 Plan are subject to vesting provisions, and exercise is subject to the continuous
service of the participant. The exercise prices and vesting periods (if any) for non-statutory options are set at the discretion of our
compensation committee. On November 1, 2017, upon the consummation of the initial equity investment in Cinedigm by Bison, as a result
of which there was a change of control of the Company, all stock options (incentive and non-statutory) and shares of restricted stock
were vested immediately and the options became fully exercisable. 

shares of Common Stock to employees, outside directors and consultants. 

F- 27 

stock options outstanding
in the 2000 Plan with weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average contract life of years. As
of March 31, 2021, there were shares pursuant to stock options outstanding in the Plan with weighted average exercise
price of and a weighted average contract life of years. A total of options expired and options
forfeited during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

- 

shares of Common Stock, in the form of various
awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards and cash
awards. The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board is authorized to administer the
2017 Plan and make grants thereunder. The approval of the 2017 Plan did not affect awards already granted under the 2000 Plan. On December
4, 2019, upon shareholder approval, the 2017 Plan was amended to increase the maximum number of shares of Common Stock authorized for
issuance thereunder from shares to . 

to . 

to . 

stock
appreciation rights SARs ). The SARs were granted under the 2017 Plan, except for SARs granted to
an officer of the Company as an inducement grant. All SARs issued have an exercise price equal to the fair value of the Company s
Common Stock on the date of grant and a maturity date of years. The SARs were valued on the grant date utilizing an option
pricing model, as follows: 

- 

- 

- 

F- 28 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issued 

Forfeited 

Total SARs Outstanding March 31, 2022 

Vested 

() 

Unvested balance at March 31, 2022 

shares were issued for
vested awards and are to be issued as of March 31, 2022. 

and thousand of stock-based compensation
recorded for the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to employees restricted stock awards. 

thousand and thousand of stock-based
compensation for the year ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to board of directors. During the year ended March 31,
2022, the Company issued restricted shares to non-employee directors. 

individuals who became employees as a result of a business combination. The employees received options
to purchase an aggregate of shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of per share. The options were
fully vested as of October 2017 and expire years from the date of grant, if unexercised. As of March 31, 2022, of
such options remained outstanding. 

F- 29 

shares
of Common Stock expired unexercised during the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Liabilities 

Current 
 Operating leases current portion 

Noncurrent 
 Operating leases long-term portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

months and
the weighted average interest rate . 

Total lease cost 

Operating cash flows used for operating leases 

million, where million is payable no later than November 1, 2021, million at the first year anniversary
of the arrangement and million on the second-year anniversary of the arrangement. These payments are subject to the selection
of video works released by the Company whose initial commercial date occurs during the arrangement year. The Company paid the first advance
on October 22, 2021. 

F- 30 

of the rights in connection with the Audition Project. The Company paid thousand to Hyde Park
plus thousand in legal fees to counsel for the Audition project. Ashok Amritraj, a director of the Company, is the Chairman and CEO
of Hyde Park and has an interest in of the revenues of Hyde Park. Ashok Amritraj is a current board member and related party to the Company. 

Income taxes paid 

Accrued dividends on preferred stock 
 -

Issuance of Class A common stock for payment of preferred stock dividends 

Issuance of Class A common stock to Metaverse, a related party 
 -

Contributed capital under the Metaverse transaction, a related party 
 -

Settlement of second lien loan with Class A common stock 
 -

Conversion of note payable 
 -

Class A common stock to be issued in connection with the asset acquisition 
 -

Metaverse shares used to pay down vendors 
 -

Issuance of Class A common stock for business combination 
 
 -

Deferred consideration in purchase of a business 
 
 -

Earnout consideration in purchase of a business 
 
 -

Treasury shares acquired for withholding taxes 
 
 -

reportable segments:
Cinema Equipment Business and Content Entertainment Business. Our segments were determined based on the economic characteristics
of our products and services, our internal organizational structure, the manner in which our operations are managed and the criteria
used by our CODM to evaluate performance, which is generally the segment s operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization. 

Systems installed
nationwide in our first deployment phase Phase I Deployment to theatrical exhibitors and for Systems installed
domestically and internationally in our second deployment phase Phase II Deployment ). We retain ownership of the Systems and the residual cash flows related to the Systems in Phase I Deployment after the repayment of all non-recourse debt at the expiration of exhibitor master license agreements. For certain Phase II Deployment Systems, we do not retain ownership of the residual cash flows and digital cinema equipment in Phase II Deployment after the completion of cost recoupment and at the expiration of the exhibitor master license agreements. The Cinema Equipment Business segment also provides monitoring, collection, verification and management services to this segment, as well as to exhibitors who purchase their own equipment, and also collects and disburses VPFs from motion picture studios, distributors and ACFs from alternative content providers, movie exhibitors and theatrical exhibitors (collectively, Services ). Content Entertainment Business Leading independent streaming company of content and channels. We collaborate with producers and other content owners to market, source, curate and distribute independent content to targeted and under-served audiences in theatres and homes, and via mobile and emerging platforms. 

F- 31 

Content Entertainment Business 

Corporate 

- 

Total 

Content Entertainment Business 

Corporate 

Total 

- 

Direct operating (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below) 

- 

Selling, general and administrative 

Allocation of corporate overhead 

() 

- 

Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Intangible Impairment 

- 

- 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

Amortization of intangible assets 

- 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Total stock-based compensation 

F- 32 

Direct operating (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown below) 

Selling, general and administrative 

Allocation of corporate overhead 

Provision for (recovery of) doubtful accounts 

Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 

Amortization and impairment of intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operations 

Total stock-based compensation 

million from operations and an income tax (benefit) of ) million for the years ended March 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended March 31, 2022, the ) income tax benefit primarily related to a net change of deferred
tax liability resulted from the finalization of the acquisition of Foundation TV. The deferred tax liability was offset by a release of
the Company s valuation allowance. The Company also recorded income tax expense of , which was mainly related to taxable income
at the state level and timing differences related to fixed asset depreciation. The income tax benefit for the year ended March 31, 2021
was mainly related to changes in estimates from the timing of the income tax provision to the income tax return filings, related to state
income tax expense. 

Total federal 

State: 

Current 

Deferred 

Total State 

Income tax benefit (expense) 

F- 33 

Stock-based compensation 

Intangibles 

Accrued liabilities 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Investments 

Nondeductible interest expense 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax 

million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 was mainly due to increases in the deferred tax asset related to the net operating
loss carryfoward and other timing differences. The net change in the valuation allowance of million during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2021 was mainly due to increases in the deferred tax asset related to our investment in Starrise, a related
party, and increases in the net operating loss carryforward. We will continue to assess the realizability of the deferred tax assets at
each interim and annual balance sheet date based upon actual and forecasted operating results. 

million available in the United States
of America U.S. to reduce future taxable income. U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 and million, respectively, generally begin to expire in 2026. U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards that
were generated during the years ended March 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022 of approximately million, do not expire. 

F- 34 

million of our net operating losses
became subject to limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 in connection with the consummation in November 2017 of the transactions
under the Stock Purchase Agreement with Bison. Approximately million of our net operating losses will not be able
to be utilized because of the ownership change. Future significant ownership changes could cause a portion or all of our remaining net
operating losses to expire before utilization. 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Non-deductible expenses 

Executive officer compensation limitation Section 162(m) 
 
 --

PPP loan forgiveness 
 
 --

Losses from non-consolidated entities 

Other 

Income tax benefit /(expense) 

F- 35 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Definition and Limitations of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )) are designed to reasonably ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company, under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in the Exchange Act), as of March 31, 2022. Based on such evaluation, our
principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, on a timely
basis, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures due to the material weaknesses identified
in our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an evaluation of
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation,
management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2022. 

Material Weakness on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

In our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on July 30, 2021, management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2021. In the evaluation, management identified material weaknesses in internal controls
related to our financial close and reporting process and information and communication controls. Management also concluded that we did
not have a sufficient complement of corporate personnel with appropriate levels of accounting and controls knowledge and experience commensurate
with our financial reporting requirements to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters completely and accurately.
As a result of this evaluation, management extensively used outside consultants who possessed the appropriate levels of accounting and
controls knowledge. 

Remediation . Following
identification of this control deficiency, management is implementing modifications to better ensure that the Company has appropriate
and timely reviews on all financial reporting analysis. The material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
will not be considered remediated until these modifications are implemented, in operation for a sufficient period of time, tested,
and concluded by management to be designed and operating effectively. In addition, as we continue to evaluate and work to improve our
internal control over financial reporting, management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine
to modify our remediation plan. Management will test and evaluate the implementation of these modifications to ascertain whether they
are designed and operating effectively to provide reasonable assurance that they will prevent or detect a material misstatement in the
Company s financial statements. 

41 

The steps we took to
address the deficiencies identified included: 

we
hired a new Chief Financial Officer; 

we hired a new Executive Vice President EVP Accounting; 

we
have engaged in efforts to restructure accounting processes and revise organizational structures to enhance accurate accounting and appropriate financial reporting; 

we
have hired additional experienced accounting personnel in the corporate office to enhance the application of accounting standards and
our financial closing and reporting process; 

we
have engaged external advisors to provide financial accounting and reporting assistance; 

we
will enhance information and communication processes through information technology solutions to ensure that information needed for financial
reporting is accurate, complete, relevant and reliable, and communicated in a timely manner; and 

we
have engaged external advisors to evaluate and document the design and operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting and assist with the remediation and implementation of our internal control function. 

As noted above, we believe that, as a result
of management s in-depth review of its accounting processes, and the additional procedures management has implemented, there are
no material inaccuracies or omissions of material fact in this Form 10-K and, to the best of our knowledge, we believe that the consolidated
financial statements in this Form 10-K fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows in conformity with GAAP. 

We and our Board treat
the controls surrounding, and the integrity of, our financial statements with the utmost priority. Management is committed to the planning
and implementation of remediation efforts to address control deficiencies and any other identified areas of risk. These remediation efforts
are intended to both address the identified material weakness and to enhance our overall financial control environment. We are committed
to maintaining a strong internal control environment, and we believe the measures described above will strengthen our internal control
over financial reporting and remediate the material weakness we have identified. Our remediation efforts have begun, and we will continue
to devote significant time and attention to these remedial efforts. As we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal
control over financial reporting, management may determine to take additional measures to strengthen controls or to modify the remediation
plan described above, which may require additional implementation time. 

Changes in Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes,
other than our remediation efforts discussed above, in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal
quarter ended March 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors 

Christopher J. McGurk, 65 , has been the
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since January 2011. Mr. McGurk was the founder and Chief Executive
Officer of Overture Films from 2006 until 2010 and also the Chief Executive Officer of Anchor Bay Entertainment, which distributed Overture
Films products to the home entertainment industry. From 1999 to 2005, Mr. McGurk was Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating
Officer of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. MGM ), acting as the company s lead operating executive until MGM was sold for
approximately 5 billion to a consortium of investors. Mr. McGurk joined MGM from Universal Pictures, where he served in various executive
capacities, including President and Chief Operating Officer, from 1996 to 1999. From 1988 to 1996, Mr. McGurk served in several senior
executive roles at The Walt Disney Studios, including Studios Chief Financial Officer and President of The Walt Disney Motion Picture
Group. Mr. McGurk currently serves on the board of IDW Media Holdings, Inc. (Pink:IDWM) and has previously served on the boards of BRE
Properties, Inc., DivX Inc., DIC Entertainment, Pricegrabber.com, LLC and MGM Studios, Inc. 

Ashok Amritraj , 66, has been a member of the Board since August
2021. He has been Chairman and CEO of Hyde Park Entertainment, Inc. Hyde Park since 2000 and is an internationally renowned
award-winning film producer, having made over 100 films during the span of his 35-year career. Mr. Amritraj is involved with philanthropic
causes, and was appointed a United Nations India Goodwill Ambassador in 2016 and, in 2018, by decree of the President of the Republic
of France, was appointed a Chevalier (Knight) of the Ordre National du Merit . Mr. Amritraj serves on the Producers A2025 Committee
to advance inclusion and equitable opportunities at the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences as well as on the advisory board for
the Dodge Film School at Chapman University. 

Peter C. Brown, 63 , has been a member
of the Board since September 2010. He is Chairman of Grassmere Partners, LLC, a private investment firm, which he founded in 2009. Prior
to founding Grassmere Partners, Mr. Brown served as Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President of AMC Entertainment
Inc. AMC ), one of the world s leading theatrical exhibition companies, from July 1999 until his retirement in February
2009. He joined AMC in 1990 and served as AMC s President from January 1997 to July 1999 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer from 1991 to 1997. Mr. Brown currently serves on the board of EPR Properties (NYSE: EPR), a specialty real estate investment
trust (REIT). Mr. Brown also serves as a director of CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL), a global leader in communications, hosting, cloud and IT
services. Past additional public company boards include: National CineMedia, Inc., Midway Games, Inc., LabOne, Inc., and Protection One,
Inc. 

Patrick W. O Brien , 75, has been
a member of the Board since July 2015. He currently serves as the Managing Director Principal of Granville Wolcott Advisors, a
company he formed in 2009 which provides business consulting, due diligence and asset management services for public and private clients.
From 2005 to 2009, Mr. O Brien was a Vice President - Asset Management for Bentall-Kennedy Associates Real Estate Counsel where
he represented pension fund ownership interests in hotel real estate investments nationwide. Mr. O Brien has previously served
as Chairman of the Board and CEO of Livevol, Inc., a private company that was a leader in equity and index options technology which was
successfully sold to CBOE Holdings. During the past five years, Mr. O Brien has also served on the boards of LVI Liquidation Corp.,
Creative Realities, Inc., ICPW Liquidation Trust, and Merriman Holdings, Inc. 

Peixin Xu, 50 , has been a member of the
Board since November 2017. Mr. Xu founded Bison, an investment company with a focus on the media and entertainment, healthcare and financial
service industries, in 2014 and has been serving as a partner and director since then. From 2013 to the present, Mr. Xu has been serving
on the board of directors of Airmedia Group Inc. (Nasdaq: AMCN). Mr. Xu is a designee of Bison in connection with the Bison Agreement. 

Executive Officers 

The Company s executive officers are Christopher
J. McGurk, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Gary S. Loffredo, Chief Operating Officer, President of Digital Cinema,
General Counsel, and Secretary, Erick Opeka, Executive Vice President and President of Cinedigm Digital Networks, and John K. Canning,
Chief Financial Officer. Biographical information for Mr. McGurk is included above. 

43 

Gary S. Loffredo, 57, has been the Company s
President since December 2020, Chief Operating Officer since February 2019, and General Counsel and Secretary since October 2011. He
had previously served as President of Digital Cinema since 2011, as Senior Vice President - Business Affairs, General Counsel and Secretary
since 2000, as Interim Co-Chief Executive Officer from June 2010 through December 2010, and was a member of the Board from September
2000 - October 2015. From March 1999 to August 2000, he had been Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Cablevision Cinemas
d/b/a Clearview Cinemas. Mr. Loffredo was an attorney at the law firm of Kelley Drye Warren LLP from September 1992 to February
1999. Having been with the Company since its inception and with Clearview Cinemas prior thereto, Mr. Loffredo has over two decades of
experience in the cinema exhibition industry, both on the movie theatre and studio sides, as well as legal training and general business
experience, which skills and understanding are beneficial to the Company. 

Erick Opeka, 48, has been the Company s
Chief Strategy Officer since December 2020 and President of Cinedigm Networks since joining the Company in 2014, when, as EVP of Digital
Networks, he oversaw the distribution of Cinedigm s OTT networks online, as well as on mobile devices, gaming consoles, and connected
TVs. Mr. Opeka was integral in the development and launch of the Company s flagship digital first networks, further expanding the
Company s growth through landmark partnerships with leading platforms such as Sling TV, XUMO, and Twitch, among others. Prior to
joining Cinedigm, Mr. Opeka served as Senior Vice President and head of New Video Digital, which he grew into the largest global aggregator
of independent digital content for more than 850 content partners including A E Networks, The Jim Henson Company, Berman Braun, and
others. 

John K. Canning, 56, joined Cinedigm in September 2021 as Chief
Financial Officer. Prior to Cinedigm, Mr. Canning was the CFO of Firefly Systems Inc., an ad-tech startup in Silicon Valley, from 2019
to August 2021. From 2018-2019, he was the interim CFO at Tapjoy, Inc., also an ad-tech company. From 2016-2018, Mr. Canning was Group
Vice President, Finance, at Discovery Channel Portfolio. Prior to that, Mr. Canning served in various finance leadership roles at various
companies including Clear Channel Outdoor and The Walt Disney Company for a combined total of nearly 10 years. Prior to Disney, Canning
enjoyed a successful management consulting career, spending more than a dozen years at prominent firms including Deloitte and KPMG. 

Key Employees 

The Company s key employees, other than
executive officers, are Yolanda Mac as, Chief Content Officer of Cinedigm Entertainment Group, and Tony Huidor, Chief Technology
 Product Officer. 

Yolanda Mac as, 57, joined Cinedigm in
2013 and has been the Chief Content Officer of Cinedigm Entertainment Group since December 2020, in connection with which she is responsible
for acquiring global content rights for all distribution and streaming platforms and oversees all third party digital sales and marketing.
Previously, Ms. Mac as has over 25 years of entertainment distribution experience, including executive positions at Vivendi/Universal
from 2004 to 2012, DIRECTV from 1996 to 2003, and The Walt Disney Company from 1992 to 1995. 
 
Tony Huidor, 53, has been the Company s Chief Technology Product Officer since July 2021. Since joining Cinedigm in 2015,
he has managed the launch and daily operations of the Company s portfolio of subscription and ad-supported digital-first channels,
as well as overseeing overall product development of all desktop and mobile apps for Cinedigm s portfolio of streaming services.
He conceived and designed Cinedigm s proprietary Matchpoint distribution platform which has allowed the Company to effectively
streamline and scale its digital content distribution business. He previously served as Vice President of Operations for Universal Music
Group (UMG) then later transitioned into VP of Technical Product Development for Universal Music Group Distribution (UMGD), where he
played an integral part in establishing the company s digital and mobile business which generated significant revenue for the company.
Prior to his tenure at Universal Music, he worked as Director of Product Development for the Walt Disney Internet Group where he was
responsible for the creation and development of subscription-based video streaming products worldwide. In addition, he established Disney
Mobile where he managed the creation and production of all premium mobile content worldwide across the Disney and Pixar portfolio of
brands with a strong emphasis on the European and Asian-Pacific regions. 

44 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors,
executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of its Common Stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership
with the Commission and to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they file. Based on the Company s review of the copies
of such forms received by it, or written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that none of its directors,
executive officers or persons who beneficially own more than 10 of the Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) reporting requirements
during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 (the Last Fiscal Year ). 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to all members of the
Board, executive officers and employees. Such code of ethics is available on our Internet website, www.cinedigm.com. We intend to disclose
any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of our code of ethics by filing a Form 8-K with the SEC. 

Stockholder Communications 

The Board currently does not provide a formal
process for stockholders to send communications to the Board. In the opinion of the Board, it is appropriate for the Company not to have
such a process in place because the Board believes there is currently not a need for a formal policy due to, among other things, the
limited number of stockholders of the Company. While the Board will, from time to time, review the need for a formal policy, at the present
time, stockholders who wish to contact the Board may do so by submitting any communications to the Company s Secretary, Mr. Loffredo,
264 West 40th Street, New York, NY 10018, with an instruction to forward the communication to a particular director or the Board as a
whole. Mr. Loffredo will receive the correspondence and forward it to any individual director or directors to whom the communication
is directed. 

MATTERS RELATING TO OUR GOVERNANCE 

Board of Directors 

The Board oversees the Company s risk management
including understanding the risks the Company faces and what steps management is taking to manage those risks, as well as understanding
what level of risk is appropriate for the Company. The Board s role in the Company s risk oversight process includes receiving
regular updates from members of senior management on areas of material risk to the Company, including operational, financial, legal and
regulatory, human resources, employment, and strategic risks. 

The Company s leadership structure currently
consists of the combined role of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and a separate Lead Independent Director. Mr. O Brien
serves as our Lead Independent Director. The Lead Independent Director s responsibilities include presiding at all meetings of
the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors, serving as a liaison between
the Chairman and the independent directors, reviewing information sent to the Board, consulting with the Nominating Committee with regard
to the membership and performance evaluations of the Board and Board committee members, calling meetings of and setting agendas for the
independent directors, and serving as liaison for communications with stockholders. 

The Board intends to meet at least quarterly and the independent directors
serving on the Board intend to meet in executive session (i.e., without the presence of any non-independent directors and management)
immediately following regularly scheduled Board meetings. During the Last Fiscal Year, the Board held five (5) meetings and acted sixteen
(16) times by unanimous written consent in lieu of holding a meeting. Each current member of the Board, who was then serving, attended
at least 75 of the total number of meetings of the Board, except for Mr. Xu, and of the committees of the Board on which they served
in the Last Fiscal Year. No individual may be nominated for election to the Board after his or her 73rd birthday. Messrs. Amritraj, Brown
and O Brien are considered independent under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. 

The Company does not currently have a policy
in place regarding attendance by Board members at the Company s annual meetings of stockholders. 

The Board has three standing committees, consisting
of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Committee. 

45 

Audit Committee 

The Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Amritraj,
Brown and O Brien. Mr. Brown is the Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee held four (4) meetings in the Last Fiscal
Year. The Audit Committee has met with the Company s management and the Company s independent registered public accounting
firm to review and help ensure the adequacy of its internal controls and to review the results and scope of the auditors engagement
and other financial reporting and control matters. Mr. Brown is financially literate, and Mr. Brown is financially sophisticated, as
those terms are defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Brown is also a financial expert, as such term is defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. Messrs. Amritraj, Brown and O Brien are considered independent under the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq. 

The Audit Committee has adopted a formal written
charter (the Audit Charter ). The Audit Committee is responsible for ensuring that the Company has adequate internal controls
and is required to meet with the Company s auditors to review these internal controls and to discuss other financial reporting
matters. The Audit Committee is also responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the auditors. Additionally, the Audit
Committee is responsible for the review and oversight of all related party transactions and other potential conflict of interest situations
between the Company and its officers, directors, employees and principal stockholders. The Audit Charter is available on the Company s
Internet website at www.cinedigm.com. 

Compensation Committee 

The Compensation Committee consists of Messrs.
Brown and O Brien. Mr. O Brien is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee met ten (10) times
during the Last Fiscal Year and acted one (1) time by unanimous written consent in lieu of holding a meeting. The Compensation Committee
approves the compensation package of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and, based on recommendations by the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, approves the levels of compensation and benefits payable to the Company s other executive officers, reviews
general policy matters relating to employee compensation and benefits and recommends to the entire Board, for its approval, stock option
and other equity-based award grants to its executive officers, employees and consultants and discretionary bonuses to its executive officers
and employees. The Compensation Committee has the authority to appoint and delegate to a sub-committee the authority to make grants and
administer bonus and compensation plans and programs. Messrs. Brown and O Brien are considered independent under
the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq. 

The Compensation Committee has adopted a formal
written charter (the Compensation Charter ). The Compensation Charter sets forth the duties, authorities and responsibilities
of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Charter is available on the Company s Internet website at www.cinedigm.com. 

The Compensation Committee, when determining
executive compensation (including under the executive compensation program, as discussed below under the heading Compensation Discussion
and Analysis), evaluates the potential risks associated with the compensation policies and practices. The Compensation Committee believes
that the Company s compensation programs are designed with an appropriate balance of risk and reward in relation to the Company s
overall compensation philosophy and do not encourage excessive or unnecessary risk-taking behavior. In general, the Company compensates
its executives in a combination of cash and equity awards. The equity awards contain either or both performance targets and vesting provisions,
both of which encourage the executives, on a long-term basis, to strive to enhance the value of such compensation as measured by the
trading price of the Class A common stock or other performance metrics. The Compensation Committee does not believe that this type of
compensation encourages excessive or unnecessary risk-taking behavior. As a result, we do not believe that risks relating to our compensation
policies and practices for our employees are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company intends
to recapture compensation if and as required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, there have been no instances where it needed to recapture
any compensation. 

During the Last Fiscal Year, the Compensation
Committee engaged Aon, a compensation consulting firm. The consultant provided guidance for cash and equity compensation to executive
officers and directors, as requested, which the Compensation Committee considered in reaching its determinations of such compensation.
In addition, the consultant was available to respond to specific inquiries throughout the year. 

46 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

The Compensation Committee currently consists
of Messrs. Brown and O Brien. Mr. O Brien is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. None of such members was, at any
time during the Last Fiscal Year or at any previous time, an officer or employee of the Company. 

None of the Company s directors or executive
officers serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other entity that has one or more of its executive
officers serving as a member of the Company s board of directors. No member of the Compensation Committee had any relationship
with us requiring disclosure under Item 404 of Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-K. 

Nominating Committee 

The Nominating Committee consists of Messrs.
Amritraj, Brown and O Brien. Mr. Brown is the Chairman of the Nominating Committee. The Nominating Committee held one (1) meeting
during the Last Fiscal Year. The Nominating Committee evaluates and approves nominations for annual election to, and to fill any vacancies
in, the Board and recommends to the Board the directors to serve on committees of the Board. The Nominating Committee also approves the
compensation package of the Company s directors. Messrs. Amritraj, Brown and O Brien are considered independent 
under the rules of the SEC and the Nasdaq. 

The Nominating Committee has adopted a formal
written charter (the Nominating Charter ). The Nominating Charter sets forth the duties and responsibilities of the Nominating
Committee and the general skills and characteristics that the Nominating Committee employs to determine the individuals to nominate for
election to the Board. The Nominating Charter is available on the Company s Internet website at www.cinedigm.com. 

The Nominating Committee will consider any director
candidates recommended by stockholders. In considering a candidate submitted by stockholders, the Nominating Committee will take into
consideration the needs of the Board and the qualifications of the candidate. Nevertheless, the Board may choose not to consider an unsolicited
recommendation if no vacancy exists on the Board and/or the Board does not perceive a need to increase the size of the Board. 

There are no specific minimum qualifications
that the Nominating Committee believes must be met by a Nominating Committee-recommended director nominee. However, the Nominating Committee
believes that director candidates should, among other things, possess high degrees of integrity and honesty; have literacy in financial
and business matters; have no material affiliations with direct competitors, suppliers or vendors of the Company; and preferably have
experience in the Company s business and other relevant business fields (for example, finance, accounting, law and banking). The
Nominating Committee considers diversity together with the other factors considered when evaluating candidates but does not have a specific
policy in place with respect to diversity. 

Members of the Nominating Committee meet in advance
of each of the Company s annual meetings of stockholders to identify and evaluate the skills and characteristics of each director
candidate for nomination for election as a director of the Company. The Nominating Committee reviews the candidates in accordance with
the skills and qualifications set forth in the Nominating Charter and the rules of the Nasdaq. There are no differences in the manner
in which the Nominating Committee evaluates director nominees based on whether or not the nominee is recommended by a stockholder. 

Stock Ownership Guidelines 

The Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines
for its non-employee directors, pursuant to which the non-employee directors are required to acquire, within three (3) years, and maintain
until separation from the Board, shares equal in value to a minimum of three (3) times the value of the annual cash retainer (not including
committee or per-meeting fees) payable to such director. Shares acquired as Board retainer fees and shares owned by an investment entity
with which a non-employee director is affiliated may be counted toward the stock ownership requirement. As of March 31, 2022, each of
Messrs. Brown, O Brien and Xu currently meet the stock ownership guidelines, and Mr. Amritraj is within the three (3) year acquisition
period. 

47 

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 

The Company is committed to responsible and sustainable
business practices. We are currently in the process of building our ESG strategy, with the goal of transparently communicating about
our most material ESG impacts and initiatives. 

Sustainability 

The Company is committed to working in a responsible
and sustainable way to produce as few negative environmental effects as possible from our operations. Our core business does not result
in any significant negative environmental effects. We note our leading role in the conversion, starting in 2005, from using analog films,
which had to be shipped to theatre destinations, causing greenhouse gas emissions and ultimately waste of the film after use, to digital
projection of virtually all major and independent studio films, which are now electronically delivered to theatre destinations. In addition,
our current CEG business concentrates on digital and streaming distribution of content, which again is environmentally-friendly. This
conversion and streaming approach significantly reduces the carbon footprint associated with the film exhibition industry. 

Talent 

We are evolving our culture and our human capital
strategies to best serve all of our employees and align with our growth strategies and the changing social environments. We believe that
fostering a culture that is values-based, responsible, ethical and inclusive motivates and empowers our employees, which enables us to
attract and retain talented people, engage them in meaningful and inspiring work and, as a result, fulfill our business goals and objectives.
We regularly engage with our employees to monitor their needs and expectations and respond to meet these evolving employee needs. 

We provide market-competitive compensation and
benefits to our employees. Our benefits programs are reviewed each year to ensure that we are meeting current practices in providing
benefits that meet the health and safety needs of our employees. When special circumstances occur, such as the recent pandemic, we adjust
our benefits to meet our employees needs. 

Health and Safety 

We are focused on the health, safety and well-being
of our employees. We provide mental and physical well-being programs to all employees. We have continued measures to reduce the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure employee health, safety and well-being. 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

We are committed to diverse representation across
all levels of our workforce to reflect the vibrant and thriving diversity of the communities which make up our customers, stockholders
and home communities. Fostering a work environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is important to us. We believe
that our business accomplishments are a result of the efforts of our employees and that a diverse employee population will result in
a better understanding of our customers needs. We respect the unique attributes of each individual. Our DE I purpose is to
evolve the organization and our culture to reflect the customers and communities we serve, where differences in background, thought and
experience are welcomed, valued and celebrated. We demonstrate purposeful actions and incorporate intentional practices to drive these
inclusive behaviors in our daily work. We are committed to continually reviewing our operational practices and aligning DE I initiatives
with business objectives. 

Social 

We encourage our employees to give back to the
community. In 2021, we initiated a Community Service Policy that provides paid time off to employees volunteering with qualified charitable
organizations or causes (which organizations or causes may not discriminate based on creed, race, color, national origin, religion, age,
disability, sex, gender, identity, sexual orientation, pregnancy or any other legally protected classification). In addition, we have
implemented a summer internship program in conjunction with C5 Youth Foundation of Southern California, a non-profit inner-city youth
program. This 8-week program will provide for four college students to rotate through four departments at Cinedigm. 

48 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 

This section describes the compensation program
and related decisions for our Named Executive Officers NEOs in our fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 Fiscal
2022 ). As a smaller reporting company, as that term is defined under SEC rules, we are not required to include a
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis and are permitted to exclude certain executive compensation tables from our disclosure. 

We have elected to include this Compensation
Discussion Analysis CD A as well as additional tables required under Item 402 of Regulation S-K on a voluntary
basis. As permitted under Item 402, we are not including pay ratio disclosure in light of our status as a smaller reporting company.
This CD A is intended to be read in conjunction with the tables beginning on page 49, which provide historical compensation information
for the following NEOs: 

NEOs 
 
 Title 
 
 Christopher J. McGurk 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 Gary S. Loffredo 
 
 President, Chief Operating
 Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Erick Opeka 
 
 Chief Strategy Officer
 and President of Cinedigm Digital Networks 

Quick CD A Reference Guide 

Compensation Program Overview 
 
 Section I 
 
 Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 
 Section II 
 
 Pay Mix 
 
 Section III 
 
 Competitive Positioning 
 
 Section IV 
 
 Elements of Compensation 
 
 Section V 
 
 Additional Compensation Practices and Policies 
 
 Section VI 

I. Compensation Program Overview 

The Company s executive compensation program
is designed to attract, motivate and retain highly skilled and experienced individuals to attain the Company s corporate goals.
To do so, the program provides competitive compensation packages that motivate executive officers, links pay to performance and aligns
executive officers interests with those of the Company and its shareholders over the long term. 

The executive compensation program for the NEOs
is administered by the Compensation Committee, all of the members of which are independent. The Compensation Committee annually reviews
the executive compensation elements and assesses the integrity of the compensation program as a whole to ensure that it continues to
be aligned with the Company s compensation objectives and supports the attainment of Company goals. 

As the Company has evolved, so too has the compensation
program. During the last several years, Cinedigm s executive compensation for NEOs has been transitioning to a more performance-oriented
program. The Company aims to improve both shareholder returns and its cash position. To help achieve these goals, the Compensation Committee
has designed the compensation program to reward the Chief Executive Officer CEO and other employees for achieving strategic
goals and increasing shareholder value by linking a portion of pay to performance through annual cash and equity, and long-term equity
incentives. 

II. Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 

Cinedigm s executive compensation program
is focused on enabling the Company to hire and retain qualified and motivated executives, motivating them to meet its business needs
and objectives. The executive compensation program has been designed around the following objectives: 

Provide
competitive compensation levels to enable the recruitment and retention of highly qualified executives. 

Strengthen
the link between pay and corporate and business unit performance encouraging and rewarding excellence and contributions to support Cinedigm s
success. 

Align
the interests of executives with those of shareholders through grants of equity-based compensation that promote increasing shareholder
value and also provide opportunities for ongoing executive share ownership. 

An overarching principle in delivering on these
objectives is to ensure that compensation decisions are made in the Company s best financial interests such that incentive awards
are both affordable and reasonable, taking into account Company performance and circumstances and considering the interests of all stakeholders. 

49 

III. Pay Mix 

The Company s pay philosophy has evolved
from an emphasis on fixed pay to one that is based on the belief that a substantial portion of each executive s compensation should
be at risk and dependent upon performance. While the Compensation Committee has not adopted a targeted mix of either long-term to short-term,
fixed to variable, or equity and non-equity compensation, it has taken steps to increase the portion of variable compensation. Steps
in this direction include the continuation of the performance-based annual incentive program (MAIP) and more regular equity grants. 

IV. Compensation Determination Process 

The Compensation Committee designs the executive
compensation program with the intention of accomplishing the goals described above. In determining executive compensation, the Compensation
Committee obtains input and advice from its independent compensation consultant. The Compensation Committee reviews and approves compensation
and performance awards to the CEO and executive officers and considers financial, operational and share price performance to determine
appropriate executive compensation parameters. The Compensation Committee also considers the results of the prior stockholders 
advisory vote on executive compensation. To date, the stockholders have approved, on a non-binding advisory basis, of executive compensation. 

Role of the Independent Compensation Consultant 

The Compensation Committee has selected and retained
Aon as its independent compensation consultant to assist it in the performance of its duties and responsibilities. While the Compensation
Committee took into consideration the review and recommendations of this independent consultant when making decisions about the Company s
executive and director compensation practices, the Compensation Committee ultimately made its own independent decisions about these matters. 

Competitive Assessment 

The Compensation Committee uses comparative compensation
information from a relevant group of peer companies as one of several factors considered as part of setting compensation for our CEO
and our other NEOs. The Compensation Committee has not defined a target pay positioning relative to the peer group for the CEO or the
other NEOs, nor does it commit to providing total compensation at a specific percentile or within a specific pay range. During Fiscal
2022, no changes were made to CEO or other NEO compensation. The current CEO and other NEO target compensation was set during fiscal
2021 based on a competitive assessment conducted at that time. The Compensation Committee retains discretion in determining the nature
and extent of the use of peer group data. The Compensation Committee periodically reassesses the companies within the peer groups and
makes changes as appropriate, considering mergers and acquisitions involving peer companies, changes in the Company s business
and other factors. 

The most recent peer group selected by the Compensation
Committee consisted of the following companies: 

Avid Technology 
 
 Leaf Group Ltd. 
 
 Ballantyne Strong, Inc. 
 
 Limelight Networks, Inc. 
 
 Brightcove Inc. 
 
 LiveXLive Media, Inc. 
 
 Chicken Soup for the Soul
 Entertainment, Inc. 
 
 National Cinemedia, Inc. 
 
 Dolphin Entertainment,
 Inc. 
 
 NTN Buzztime, Inc. 
 
 Gaia, Inc. 
 
 Reading International, Inc. 
 
 Glu Mobile Inc. 
 
 RealNetworks, Inc. 
 
 Harmonic Inc. 
 
 TechTarget, Inc. 
 
 IMAX Corp. 
 
 TravelZoo 

50 

V. Elements of Compensation 

Compensation for executive officers is comprised
primarily of three main components: 

base
salary; 

annual
incentive awards; and 

long-term
incentive equity grants. 

These components support the core principles
of our executive officer compensation philosophy of pay for performance and alignment of executive officers interests with those
of Cinedigm and its shareholders by emphasizing short- and long-term incentives. Our compensation program encourages our employees to
remain focused on both our short-term and long-term goals: our annual incentive (MAIP) measures and rewards business and individual performance
on an annual basis, while our equity awards typically vest in installments of several years and increase in value with any share price
appreciation, encouraging our executives to focus on the long-term performance of our company. 

Base Salary 

Base salaries are fixed compensation with the
primary function of aiding in attraction and retention. Base salaries vary among executive officers, and are individually determined
according to each executive officer s areas of responsibility, role and experience. The Compensation Committee reviews the salaries
for our NEOs periodically, as well as at the time of a promotion, change in responsibilities, or when employment arrangements and/or
agreements are renewed. Any increases are based on an evaluation of the performance of the Company and the executive, the relative strategic
importance of the position, market conditions, and competitive pay levels (though, as noted earlier, the Compensation Committee does
not target a specific percentile or range). 

During fiscal 2022, no changes were made to CEO
or other NEO compensation. 

Annual Incentive Awards 

The annual cash incentive component aims to ensure
that our executive officers are aligned in reaching our short- and long-term goals. Annual cash incentives are designed to provide a
significant pay-for-performance element of our executive compensation package, through the formal performance-based MAIP. The MAIP incorporates
predetermined, specific target award levels and performance metrics and goals that the Compensation Committee deemed rigorous and challenging.
The MAIP goals are critical to Cinedigm s future success and are designed to reward the collaboration across divisions and segments
required to achieve corporate financial goals. 

All NEOs have a target bonus set at a fixed percentage
of their base salary. The program also established threshold and maximum levels of incentive awards defined as a percentage of a participant s
salary. The Compensation Committee generally establishes the individual payout targets for each NEO based on the executive s position,
level of responsibility and a review of the competitive market. 

Threshold, target and maximum annual incentive
opportunities for our NEOs for Fiscal 2022 were as follows: 

MAIP Potential Awards 

Executive Officer 
 Threshold 
 Target (as a of base salary) 
 Maximum 
 
 Chris McGurk 
 37.5 
 100 
 150 
 
 Gary S. Loffredo 
 29 
 70 
 100 
 
 Erick Opeka 
 25 
 60 
 100 

We do not disclose performance targets, division
targets or individual goals, as we believe that such disclosure would result in competitive harm. Based on our experience, we believe
these targets were rigorous and challenging, and were set sufficiently high to provide incentive to achieve a high level of performance.
We believe it is difficult, although not unattainable, for the targets to be reached and, therefore, no more likely than unlikely that
the targets will be reached. 

51 

Long-Term Incentive Awards 

The Compensation Committee uses equity-based
compensation to reward future performance, as reflected by the market price of our shares and/or other performance criteria. The Compensation
Committee annually considers long-term incentive awards, for which it has the authority to grant a variety of equity-based awards. The
primary objective of such awards is to align the interests of executives with those of the Company and its shareholders by offering incentives
to achieve performance goals believed to be linked to increasing shareholder value, increasing executive share ownership and fostering
a long-term focus. In recent years, the earning and vesting of such awards have been assessed and determined after fiscal year end in
order to permit consideration of year-end performance. 

We currently maintain the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Plan ).
The 2017 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee. Under the 2017 Plan, the Compensation Committee or the Board has authority
to grant awards of non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock,
restricted stock units, performance shares, performance stock units, cash-based awards, or other stock-based awards to employees, non-employee
directors, and third-party consultants. 

The Compensation Committee determines the executive officers 
equity-based awards, taking into account pay mix and the executive officer s contribution to Company performance. The mix of equity-based
vehicles is structured to enhance the executive officers commitment to increasing shareholder value. 

Performance Stock Units 

In connection with the NEO employment agreement amendments or new arrangements
during fiscal 2021, under the 2017 Plan, the NEOs were awarded new grants of performance stock units PSUs ). No new PSU
grants were made to the NEOs during Fiscal 2022. 

SARs 

In connection with the NEO employment agreement
amendments or new arrangements during fiscal 2021, the Compensation Committee granted SARs to the NEOs under the 2017 Plan. No new SAR
grants were made to the NEOs during Fiscal 2022. 

VI. Additional Compensation Arrangements,
Policies and Practices 

Mr. McGurk s Compensation Arrangements 

Mr. McGurk joined Cinedigm in January 2011 as
CEO and Chairman of the Board. Accordingly, Mr. McGurk s compensation package was created in line with the Company s current
compensation philosophy of a base salary coupled with variable compensation including a large portion of equity-based compensation, through
stock options, linked to stock price performance. When negotiating Mr. McGurk s employment agreement, the Company sought to provide
salary and bonus amounts that were in line with peer group amounts and that would provide incentive for Mr. McGurk with a view toward
increasing stockholder value. 

A summary of Mr. McGurk s compensation
package is located under the heading Employment Agreements and Arrangements Between the Company and Named Executives of
this Item 11. 

Employment Agreement with Mr. McGurk and
Employment Arrangements for other NEOs 

The Company currently has employment agreements
with Mr. McGurk, Mr. Loffredo and Mr. Opeka for retention during periods of uncertainty and operational challenge. Additionally, the
employment agreements include non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. The provisions for severance benefits are at typical competitive
levels. See Employment Agreements and Arrangements Between the Company and Named Executives of this Item 11 for a description
of the material terms of Messrs. McGurk s, Loffredo s and Opeka s employment agreements. 

52 

Personal Benefits and Perquisites 

In addition to the benefits provided to all employees
and grandfathered benefits (provided to all employees hired before January 1, 2005), the CEO and NEOs are eligible for an annual physical
and supplemental life insurance coverage of 200,000. 

It is the Company s policy to provide minimal
and modest perquisites to the CEO and NEOs. With the new employment arrangements, most perquisites previously provided, including automobile
allowances, have been eliminated. 

Policy on Deductibility of Compensation 

Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code limits
the deductibility of compensation in excess of 1 million paid to certain executive officers named in this proxy statement. Pursuant
to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the exemption from the deduction limit that
was previously available for performance-based compensation is no longer available. Consequently, for fiscal years beginning
after December 31, 2017, all remuneration in excess of 1 million paid to a specified executive will not be deductible. Given the Company s
net operating losses, Section 162(m) is not currently a material factor in designing compensation. 

Recoupment Clawback Policy 

The Company intends to recapture compensation
as currently required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. However, there have been no instances to date where it needed to recapture any compensation. 

Additionally, we recognize that our compensation
program will be subject to the forthcoming amendments to stock exchange listing standards required by Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Act,
which requires that stock exchange listing standards be amended to require issuers to adopt a policy providing for the recovery from
any current or former executive officer of any incentive-based compensation (including stock options) awarded during the three-year period
prior to an accounting restatement resulting from material noncompliance of the issuer with financial reporting requirements. We intend
to adopt such a clawback policy which complies with all applicable standards when such rules are adopted. 

Restriction on Speculative Transactions 

The Company s Insider Trading and Disclosure
Policy restricts employees and directors of the Company from engaging in speculative transactions in Company securities, including short
sales, and discourages employees and directors of the Company from engaging in hedging transactions, including cashless 
collars, forward sales, and equity swaps, that may indirectly involve short sales. Pre-clearance by the Company is required for all equity
transactions. 

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT 

The following report does not constitute soliciting
material and is not considered filed or incorporated by reference into any other filing by the Company under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis that precedes this Report as required by Item 402(b) of the SEC s Regulation S-K. Based
on its review and discussions with management, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board the inclusion of the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis in this proxy statement. 

The Compensation Discussion and Analysis discusses
the philosophy, principles, and policies underlying the Company s compensation programs that were in effect during fiscal 2022. 

Respectfully submitted, 

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors 

Patrick W. O Brien, Chairman 

Peter C. Brown 

53 

Named Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning compensation received by the Company s NEOs, consisting of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and its two other
most highly compensated individuals who were serving as executive officers at the end of the Last Fiscal Year, plus up to two additional
persons for whom disclosures would have been provided but for the fact that they were not serving as executive officers at the end of
the Last Fiscal Year, for services rendered in all capacities during the Last Fiscal Year. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position(s) 
 
 Year 

Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock Awards )(1) 

Option Awards )(2) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation )(3) 

All Other Compensation )(4) 

Total ) 

Christopher J. McGurk 
 
 2022 

650,000 

650,000 

90,146 

33,500 

1,423,646 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 2021 

600,000 

600,000 

1,498,866 

33,553 

2,732,419 

2020 

600,000 

31,722 

631,722 

Gary S. Loffredo 
 
 2022 

460,000 

322,000 

54,088 

33,810 

869,898 

President, Chief Operating Officer, General 
 
 2021 

436,250 

255,000 

875,664 

47,121 

1,614,035 

Counsel and Secretary 
 
 2020 

425,000 

44,541 

469,541 

Erick Opeka 
 
 2022 

400,000 

240,000 

54,088 

20,327 

714,415 

Chief Strategy Officer and President of Digital Networks 
 
 2021 

343,750 

113,750 

875,664 

33,553 

1,366,717 

2020 

325,000 

15,611 

340,611 

(1) 

 Includes shares issued in November
2020 for fiscal year 2019 under performance share units PSUs to be paid during fiscal year 2021. Includes for 2022s
shares issued in January 2022 for fiscal year 2021 under performance share units PSUs paid during fiscal year 2023. See
above for a description of the material terms of the PSUs. 

(2) The
amounts in this column reflect the grant date fair value for all fiscal years presented in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Assumptions
used in the calculation of these amounts are included in footnote 2 to the Company s audited financial statements for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021, included in the 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ). 

(3) The
amounts in this column reflect amounts earned under annual incentive awards. See below for a description of the material terms of the
annual incentive plan for each NEO. 

(4) Includes
life and disability insurance premiums paid by the Company and certain medical expenses paid by the Company for each NEO, (a) for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020: for Mr. McGurk, 1,104 and 30,618; for Mr. Loffredo, 1,104 and 43,437; and for Mr. Opeka, 1,104
and 14,507, (b) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021: for Mr. McGurk, 1,094 and 32,459; for Mr. Loffredo, 1,094 and 46,027;
and for Mr. Opeka, 1,094 and 32,459, and (c) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022: for Mr. McGurk, 1,019.16 and 32,481.00; for
Mr. Loffredo, 1,019.16 and 32,790.60; and for Mr. Opeka, 1,019.16 and 19,308.62. 

54 

Employment agreements between the Company and
Named Executives 

Christopher J. McGurk . On November 19,
2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. McGurk (the 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement that replaced
any prior employment agreements with Mr. McGurk. The 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement took effect on April 1, 2021 and has a term ending
on March 31, 2023, with a one-time automatic renewal for one year unless either party provides written notice to the other no later than
ninety days prior to the expiration of the initial term. Pursuant to the 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement, Mr. McGurk will continue to
serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company. 

The 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement provides that Mr. McGurk will
receive an annual base salary of 650,000 and will be eligible for (i) under the Company s Management Annual Incentive Plan, a target
bonus opportunity of 650,000 (the Target Bonus consistent with goals established annually by the Compensation Committee,
(ii) under the Company s 2017 Plan, performance share units for up to 250,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to EBITDA targets
to be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee and such other terms as the Compensation Committee
shall determine, and (iii) under the 2017 Plan, 2,500,000 SARs having an exercise price of .54 and a term of ten (10) years, one-half
(1/2) of which vested on November 19, 2020 and one-half (1/2) of which will vest on March 31, 2023. Mr. McGurk will also be entitled to
participate in all benefit plans and programs that the Company provides to its senior executives. 

The 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement provides
that, in the event of a termination without Cause (as defined in the 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement) or a resignation for Good Reason
(as defined in the 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement), Mr. McGurk shall be entitled to payment of (i) the greater of any Base Salary for
the remainder of the Term or eighteen (18) months Base Salary at the time of termination and (ii) an amount equivalent to one
and one-half (1.5) times the average of the last two (2) bonus payments under the MAIP, if any, under the Employment Agreement. In the
event of, on or after April 1, 2020 and within two (2) years after a Change in Control (as defined in the 2017 Plan), a termination without
Cause (other than due to Mr. McGurk s death or disability) or a resignation for Good Reason, then in lieu of receiving the amounts
described above, Mr. McGurk would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to three (3) times the sum of (a) his then-current
annual Base Salary and (b) his Target Bonus for the year of termination. 

On December 10, 2020, the Company entered into
an amended employment agreement, effective as of November 19, 2020, with Mr. McGurk (the 2020 A R McGurk Employment Agreement ).
The 2020 A R McGurk Employment Agreement restated the 2020 McGurk Employment Agreement, except that in the event of, on or after
April 1, 2020 and within two (2) years after a Change in Control (as defined in the 2017 Plan), a termination without Cause (other than
due to Mr. McGurk s death or disability), a resignation for Good Reason, or upon notice by the Company that it does not wish to
renew the Term (as defined in the McGurk Employment Agreement), then in lieu of receiving the amounts for severance other than in connection
with a Change in Control, Mr. McGurk would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to three (3) times the sum of (a) his then-current
annual Base Salary and (b) his Target Bonus (as defined in the 2020 A R McGurk Employment Agreement) for the year of termination. 

Gary S. Loffredo . On December 23, 2020,
the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Loffredo (the 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement that replaced
any prior employment agreements or arrangements with Mr. Loffredo, which took effect on January 1, 2021 and has a term ending on March
31, 2023, with a one-time automatic renewal for one year unless either party provides written notice to the other no later than ninety
days prior to the expiration of the initial term. Pursuant to the 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement, Mr. Loffredo serves as President,
and continues to serve as the Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary, of the Company. 

55 

The 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Loffredo will
receive an annual base salary of 460,000 (as subject to adjustment, the Loffredo Base Salary and will be eligible for
(i) under the Company s Management Annual Incentive Plan, a target bonus opportunity of 322,000 (the Loffredo Target Bonus consistent with goals established annually by the Compensation Committee, (ii) under the 2017 Plan, performance share units for up to
150,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock, subject to EBITDA targets to be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of
the Compensation Committee and such other terms as the Compensation Committee shall determine, and (iii) under the Plan, 1,200,000 SARs
having an exercise price of .64 and a term of ten (10) years, and vesting as follows: 500,000 SARs vest on March 31, 2022, 500,000 SARs
vest on March 31, 2023, and 200,000 SARs vest on June 30, 2023. Mr. Loffredo will also be entitled to participate in all benefit plans
and programs that the Company provides to its senior executives. 

The 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement provides
that, in the event of a termination without Cause (as defined in the 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement) or a resignation for Good Reason
(as defined in the 2020 Loffredo Employment Agreement), Mr. Loffredo shall be entitled to payment of twelve (12) months Loffredo
Base Salary at the time of termination. In the event, within two (2) years after a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), of a termination
without Cause (other than due to Mr. Loffredo s death or disability), a resignation for Good Reason, or upon notice by the Company
that it does not wish to renew the Term (as defined in the Loffredo Employment Agreement), then in lieu of receiving the amounts described
above, Mr. Loffredo would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of (a) his then-current annual Loffredo
Base Salary and (b) the Loffredo Target Bonus for the year of termination. 

Erick Opeka. On December 23, 2020, the
Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Opeka (the 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement that replaced any prior
employment agreement with Mr. Opeka, which took effect on January 1, 2021 and has a term ending on September 15, 2023, with a one-time
automatic renewal for one year unless either party provides written notice to the other no later than ninety days prior to the expiration
of the initial term. Pursuant to the 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement, Mr. Opeka will serve as Chief Strategy Officer of the Company and
continue to serve as President of Cinedigm Networks. 

The 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Opeka will receive
an annual base salary of 400,000 (as subject to adjustment, the Opeka Base Salary and will be eligible for (i) under the
MAIP, a target bonus opportunity of 240,000 (the Opeka Target Bonus consistent with goals established annually by the
Compensation Committee, (ii) under the Plan, performance share units for up to 150,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to EBITDA targets
to be determined in the sole and absolute discretion of the Compensation Committee and such other terms as the Compensation Committee
shall determine, and (iii) under the Plan, 1,200,000 SARs having an exercise price of .64 and a term of ten (10) years, and vesting as
follows: 500,000 SARs vest on March 31, 2022, 500,000 SARs vest on March 31, 2023, and 200,000 SARs vest on December 31, 2023. Mr. Opeka
will also be entitled to participate in all benefit plans and programs that the Company provides to its senior executives. 

The 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement provides
that, in the event of a termination without Cause (as defined in the 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement) or a resignation for Good Reason
(as defined in the 2020 Opeka Employment Agreement), Mr. Opeka shall be entitled to payment of twelve (12) months Opeka Base Salary
at the time of termination. In the event, within two (2) years after a Change in Control (as defined in the Plan), of a termination without
Cause (other than due to Mr. Opeka s death or disability), a resignation for Good Reason, or upon notice by the Company that it
does not wish to renew the Term (as defined in the Opeka Employment Agreement), then in lieu of receiving the amounts described above,
Mr. Opeka would be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to two (2) times the sum of (a) his then-current annual Opeka Base Salary
and (b) the Opeka Target Bonus for the year of termination. 

56 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets forth certain information, as of March 31,
2022, regarding the shares of Cinedigm s Class A common stock authorized for issuance under Cinedigm s equity compensation
plan. 

Plan 
 
 Number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants or rights 
(1) 

Weighted average of exercise price of outstanding 

Number of shares of Class A common stock remaining available for future issuance 

Cinedigm Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity 

Incentive Plan the 2000 Plan approved by shareholders 

217,337 

1.54 

Cinedigm 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan 

10,893,598 

1.22 

7,204,672 

Cinedigm compensation plans not approved by shareholders (2) 

612,500 

2.41 

(1) Shares
of Common Stock. 

(2) Reflects
stock options and SARs which were not granted under the 2000 Plan or the 2017 Plan. 

The 2000 Plan 

Our Board originally adopted the 2000 Plan on
June 1, 2000 and our shareholders approved the 2000 Plan by written consent in July 2000. Certain terms of the Plan were last amended
and approved by our shareholders in September 2016. Under the 2000 Plan, we may grant incentive and non-statutory stock options, stock,
restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), stock appreciation rights, and performance awards to our employees, non-employee directors
and consultants. The primary purpose of the 2000 Plan is to enable us to attract, retain and motivate our employees, non-employee directors
and consultants. The term of the 2000 Plan expires on June 1, 2020. The 2000 Plan has been replaced by the 2017 Plan, and no new awards
will be granted from the 2000 Plan; however, the adoption of the 2017 Plan did not affect awards already granted under the 2000 Plan. 

Options granted under the 2000 Plan expire ten
years following the date of grant (or such shorter period of time as may be provided in a stock option agreement or five years in the
case of incentive stock options granted to stockholders who own greater than 10 of the total combined voting power of the Company) and
are subject to restrictions on transfer. Options granted under the Plan generally vest over periods of up to three or four years. The
2000 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, and may be amended or terminated by the Board, although no amendment or termination
may adversely affect the right of any individual with respect to any outstanding option without the consent of such individual. The 2000
Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options with exercise prices of not less than 100 of the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to stockholders of more than 10 of the total combined voting power
of the Company must have exercise prices of not less than 110 of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Incentive
and non-statutory stock options granted under the 2000 Plan are subject to vesting provisions, and exercise is generally subject to the
continuous service of the optionee, except for consultants. The exercise prices and vesting periods (if any) for non-statutory options
may be set at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee. Upon a change of control of the Company, all options (incentive
and non-statutory) that have not previously vested will vest immediately and become fully exercisable. Options covering no more than
50,000 shares may be granted to one participant during any calendar year unless pursuant to a multi-year award, in which case no more
than options covering 50,000 shares per year of the award may be granted, and during which period no additional options may be granted
to such participant. 

Grants of restricted stock and restricted stock
units are subject to vesting requirements, generally vesting over periods up to three years, determined by the Compensation Committee
and set forth in notices to the participants. Grants of stock, restricted stock and restricted stock units shall not exceed 40 of the
total number of shares available to be issued under the 2000 Plan. 

SARs consist of the right to the monetary equivalent
of the increase in value of a specified number of shares over a specified period of time. Upon exercise, SARs may be paid in cash or
shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof. Grants of SARs are subject to vesting requirements, similar to those of stock options,
determined by the Compensation Committee and set forth in agreements between the Company and the participants. RSUs shall be similar
to restricted stock except that no Class A common stock is actually awarded to the Participant on the grant date of the RSUs and the
Compensation Committee shall have the discretion to pay such RSUs upon vesting in cash or shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof. 

57 

Performance awards consist of awards of stock
and other equity-based awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, the market value of the
Common Stock, or other securities of the Company, and may be paid in shares of Common Stock, cash or another form of property as the
Compensation Committee may determine. Grants of performance awards shall entitle participants to receive an award if the measures of
performance established by the Committee are met. Such measures shall be established by the Compensation Committee but the relevant measurement
period for any performance award must be at least 12 months. Grants of performance awards shall not cover the issuance of shares that
would exceed 20 of the total number of shares available to be issued under the 2000 Plan, and no more than 50,000 shares pursuant to
any performance awards shall be granted to one participant in a calendar year unless pursuant to a multi-year award. The terms of grants
of performance awards would be set forth in agreements between the Company and the participants. 

The 2017 Plan 

Our Board adopted the 2017 Plan on August 7,
2017 and our stockholders approved the 2017 Plan on August 31, 2017. Under the 2017 Plan, we may grant incentive and non-statutory stock
options, stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units (RSUs), stock appreciation rights, performance awards and other equity-based
awards to our employees, non-employee directors and consultants. The primary purpose of the 2017 Plan is to enable us to attract, retain
and motivate our employees, non-employee directors and consultants. 

Options granted under the 2017 Plan expire ten
years following the date of grant (or such shorter period of time as may be provided in a stock option agreement, or five years in the
case of incentive stock options granted to stockholders who own greater than 10 of the total combined voting power of the Company) and
are subject to restrictions on transfer. The 2017 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee, and may be amended or terminated
by the Committee, although no amendment or termination may have a material adverse effect on the rights of any individual with respect
to any outstanding option, without the consent of such individual. The exercise prices of stock options granted must be not less than
100 of the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Incentive stock options granted to stockholders of more than
10 of the total combined voting power of the Company must have exercise prices of not less than 110 of the fair market value of the
Common Stock on the date of grant. Incentive and non-statutory stock options granted under the 2017 Plan may be subject to vesting provisions,
and exercise is generally subject to the continuous service of the optionee, except for consultants. The exercise prices and vesting
periods (if any) for non-statutory options may be set at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation Committee. Upon a change of
control of the Company, where the Common Stock does not continue to be publicly traded, unless replacement awards are issued in connection
with the transaction, all options (incentive and non-statutory) that have not previously vested will vest immediately and become fully
exercisable. SARs consist of the right to the monetary equivalent of the increase in value of a specified number of shares over a specified
period of time. Upon exercise, SARs may be paid, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, in cash or shares of Common Stock or
a combination thereof. Grants of SARs are subject to terms determined by the Compensation Committee and set forth in agreements between
the Company and the participants. 

Grants of restricted stock and restricted stock
units are subject to vesting requirements, generally vesting over periods up to three years, determined by the Compensation Committee
and set forth in notices to the participants. 

RSUs shall be similar to restricted stock except that no Common Stock
is actually awarded to the Participant on the grant date of the RSUs and the Compensation Committee shall have the discretion to pay such
RSUs upon vesting in cash or shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof. 

Performance awards consist of awards of stock
and other equity-based awards that are valued in whole or in part by reference to, or are otherwise based on, the market value of the
Common Stock, or other securities of the Company, and may be paid in shares of Common Stock, cash or another form of property as the
Compensation Committee may determine. Grants of performance awards shall entitle participants to receive an award if the measures of
performance established by the Committee are met. Such measures shall be established by the Compensation Committee but the relevant measurement
period for any performance award must be at least 12 months. The terms of grants of performance awards would be set forth in agreements
between the Company and the participants. 

With respect to limits on Award grants under
the 2017 Plan, aggregate shares granted to non-employee directors in any year may not exceed 1,000,000 in value. 

Our Common Stock is listed for trading on the
Nasdaq under the symbol CIDM . 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning outstanding equity awards of the Company s NEOs at the end of the Last Fiscal Year. All outstanding stock awards reported
in this table represent restricted stock that vests in equal annual installments over three years. At the end of the Last Fiscal Year,
there were no unearned equity awards under performance-based plans. 

58 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT MARCH 31, 2022 

OPTION AWARDS (1) 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
 Exercisable (#) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options
 Unexercisable (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not
 Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have
 Not Vested ) 
 
 Christopher J. McGurk 
 150,000 (2) 
 
 14.00 
 8/22/2023 

700,000 (3) 
 
 1.47 
 6/7/2028 

1,250,000 (4) 
 1,250,000 (4) 
 0.54 
 11/19/2030 

Gary S. Loffredo 
 35,000 (5) 
 
 15.40 
 10/13/2023 

407,610 (6) 
 
 1.47 
 12/10/2023 

500,000 (7) 
 700,000 (7) 
 0.64 
 12/3/2030 

Erick Opeka 
 8,000 (8) 
 
 18.10 
 9/2/2024 

355,000 (3) 
 
 1.16 
 9/28/2028 

500,000 (7) 
 700,000 (7) 
 0.64 
 12/23/2030 

(1) Reflects
stock options granted under the 2000 Plan and SARs granted under the 2017 Plan. 

(2) Of
such total options, 1/3 vested on March 31 of each 2015, 2016 and 2017. 

(3) Consists
of stock appreciation rights which vested as to 1/3 on March 31 of each of 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

(4) Consists
of stock appreciation rights of which 1,250,000 vested on November 19, 2020, and 1,250,000 will vest on March 31, 2023. 

(5) Of
such total options, 1/3 vested on October 13 of each 2014, 2015 and 2016. 

(6) Consists
of stock appreciation rights which vested as to 1/3 on December 10 of each of 2019, 2020 and 2021. 

(7) Consists
of stock appreciation rights which vest as to 500,000, on March 31, 2022, as to 500,000, on March 31, 2023, and as to 200,000, on June
30, 2023. 

(8) 2,000
of such options vested on September 2 of each of 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018. 

Directors 

The following
table sets forth certain information concerning compensation earned by the Company s non-employee directors for services rendered
as a director during the Last Fiscal Year. 

Name 
 Cash Fees Earned ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Peter C. Brown 
 95,000 
 90,000 
 185,000 
 
 Ashok Amritraj (1) 
 75,000 
 270,000 
 345,000 
 
 Tom Bu (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Patrick W. O Brien Lead Independent Director) 
 105,000 
 90,000 
 195,000 
 
 Peixin Xu 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) Joined
the Board on August 9, 2021. 

(2) Resigned
from the Board on August 6, 2021. 

Non-employee directors receive the following compensation for board
service. The annual cash retainer amount is 60,000 and the annual stock grant of restricted shares of Common Stock amount is 90,000
based on the trailing 20-day volume weighted average price VWAP of the Common Stock as of the date of the most recent
prior annual shareholder s meeting. In addition, non-employee directors receive annual committee fees of 15,000 for service as
a committee chair and of 5,000 for service on a committee (other than as chair). In addition to the cash and stock retainers paid to
all non-employee directors for Board service, the Lead Independent Director receives an annual cash fee of 20,000. Finally, new non-employee
directors will receive a grant of restricted stock valued at 180,000 based on the trailing 20-day VWAP of the Common Stock as of the
grant date (the director joins the Board), and such shares will vest in three equal installments on the first three anniversaries of the
date of grant. 

The Company has adopted Stock Ownership Guidelines
for its non-employee directors as discussed under MATTERS RELATING TO OUR GOVERNANCE, above. 

59 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

As of June 21, 2022, the Company s directors, executive officers,
and principal stockholders beneficially own, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate, approximately 15.7 of its outstanding Common Stock.
These stockholders have significant influence over the Company s business affairs, with the ability to control matters requiring
approval by the Company s stockholders. 

The following table sets forth as of June 21, 2022, certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of the Common Stock as to (i) each person known by the Company to beneficially own more than
5 of the outstanding shares of the Class A common stock, (ii) each of the Company s directors, (iii) each of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and its two other most highly compensated individuals who were serving as executive officers at the end of the
Last Fiscal Year, for services rendered in all capacities during the Last Fiscal Year (the Named Executive Officers ), and
(iv) all of the company s directors and executive officers as a group. 

CLASS A COMMON STOCK 

Shares Beneficially Owned (b) 
 
 Name (a) 
 Number 
 Percent 
 
 Christopher J. McGurk 
 3,584,073 (c) 
 2.0 
 
 Gary S. Loffredo 
 1,143,407 (d) 

Erick Opeka 
 1,009,965 (e) 

Ashok Amritraj 
 169,645 

Peter C. Brown 
 382,101 (f) 

Patrick W. O Brien 
 302,746 

Peixin Xu 
 21,760,024 (g) 
 12.3 
 
 Mingtai Investment LP 
 9,005,772 (h) 
 5.1 
 
 All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) 
 27,214,627 (i) 
 15.7 

(a) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the business address of each person named in the table is c/o Cinedigm Corp., 264 West 40 th Street,
 New York, New York 10018. 
 
 (b) 
 Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 145,421,608 shares of
Common Stock outstanding as of June 21, 2022 together with all applicable options, warrants and other securities convertible into
shares of our Common Stock for such stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and
includes voting and investment power with respect to shares. Shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants or other convertible
securities exercisable within 60 days after June 21, 2022 are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the person
holding such options, warrants or other convertible securities, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other
person. Except as otherwise noted, the named beneficial owner has the sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common
Stock shown. Certain information is based on the numbers of shares reported in the most recent Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G, as amended,
as applicable, filed by stockholders with the SEC through June 21, 2022 and information provided by holders or otherwise known to the
Company 
 
 (c) 
 Includes
 (i) 150,000 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable options and (ii) 1,950,000 shares of Class A common stock underlying
 currently exercisable stock appreciation rights. 
 
 (d) 
 Includes
 35,000 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable options and 907,610 shares of Class A common stock underlying currently
 exercisable stock appreciation rights. 
 
 (e) 
 Includes
 (i) 8,000 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable options and (ii) 855,000 shares of Common Stock underlying currently
 exercisable stock appreciation rights. 
 
 (f) 
 Includes
 92,067 shares owned by Grassmere Partners LLC, of which Mr. Brown is Chairman. Mr. Brown disclaims beneficial ownership
 of such shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. 
 
 (g) 
 Includes
 (i) 189,270 shares of Common Stock owned directly, (ii) 1,400,000 shares of Common Stock subject to issuance upon exercise of currently
 exercisable warrants held by Bison Entertainment and Media Group BEMG ), (iii) 9,005,772 shares of Common
 Stock held by Mingtai Investment LP Mingtai ), (iv) 3,898,615 shares of Common Stock held by Antai Investment LP Antai ),
 and (v) 7,266,367 shares of Common Stock held by Shangtai Asset Management LP Shangtai ). BEMG is wholly-owned by Bison
 Capital Holding Company Limited. Mr. Xu s spouse, Fengyun Jiang, is the sole owner of Bison Capital Holding Company Limited.
 Mingtai is indirectly managed by a subsidiary of Bison Finance Group Limited BFGL ), which is controlled by Mr. Xu.
 Shangtai is indirectly managed by a subsidiary of BFGL. Mr. Xu controls the manager of the general partner of Antai. The business
 address of Mr. Xu is 609-610 21st Century Tower, No. 40 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China, 100016. 
 
 (h) 
 The
 business address of Mingtai Investment LP is 609-610 21st Century Tower, No. 40 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China,
 100016. 
 
 (i) 
 Includes
 a total of 4,194,740 shares that are not currently outstanding, consisting of (i) 193,000 shares of Common Stock underlying currently
 exercisable options, (ii) 3,712,610 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable stock appreciation rights, and (iii)
 1,400,000 shares of Common Stock subject to issuance upon exercise of currently exercisable warrants. 

60 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Transactions 

The Audit Committee, pursuant to its charter, is responsible for the
review and oversight of all related party transactions and other potential conflict of interest situations, by review in advance or ratification
afterward. The Audit Committee charter does not set forth specific standards to be applied; rather, the Audit Committee reviews each
transaction individually on a case by case, facts and circumstances basis. 

On January 5, 2022, the Company entered into a letter agreement with
Hyde Park, pursuant to which the Company and Hyde Park are collaborating on the development, production and/or distribution of a
project based on the novel Audition by Ryu Murakami (the Audition Project ). Each of the Company and Hyde Park
owns 50 of the rights in connection with the Audition Project. The Company paid 100 thousand to Hyde Park plus 26 thousand in
legal fees to counsel for the Audition project. Ashok Amritraj, a director of the Company, is the Chairman and CEO of Hyde Park and
has an interest in 100 of the revenues of Hyde Park. Ashok Amritraj is a current board member and related party to the Company. 

Director Independence 

Please see the discussion of director independence under MATTERS
RELATING TO OUT GOVERNANCE, Board of Directors starting on page 44 above. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE OF THE BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 

The Audit Committee oversees the Company s
financial reporting process on behalf of the Board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed and discussed
with management the audited financial statements in the Form 10-K, including a discussion of the acceptability of the accounting principles,
the reasonableness of significant judgments and the clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. 

The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed with
the independent registered public accounting firm, which is responsible for expressing an opinion on the conformity of those audited
financial statements with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the matters required to be discussed by Statements
on Auditing Standards (SAS 61), as may be modified or supplemented, and their judgments as to the acceptability of the Company s
accounting principles and such other matters as are required to be discussed with the Audit Committee under the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

In addition, the Audit Committee has discussed
with the independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management and the Company, including receiving the written
disclosures and letter from the independent registered public accounting firm as required by the Independence Standards Board Standard
No. 1, as may be modified or supplemented, and has considered the compatibility of any non-audit services with the auditors independence. 

The Audit Committee discussed with the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm the overall scope and plans for their audit. The Audit Committee meets with the independent
registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their examinations and the overall
quality of the Company s financial reporting. 

In reliance on the reviews and discussions referred
to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, that the audited financial statements be included in
the Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2022 for filing with the SEC. 

Respectfully submitted, 

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors 

Peter C. Brown, Chairman 

Ashok Amritraj 

Patrick W. O Brien 

THE FOREGOING AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT SHALL NOT
BE SOLICITING MATERIAL OR BE DEEMED FILED WITH THE SEC, NOR SHALL SUCH INFORMATION BE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
INTO ANY FILING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR THE EXCHANGE ACT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THE COMPANY SPECIFICALLY INCORPORATES
IT BY REFERENCE INTO SUCH FILING. 

61 

EisnerAmper LLP served as the independent registered
public accounting firm to audit the Company s consolidated financial statements since the fiscal year ended March 31, 2005 and
the Board has appointed EisnerAmper LLP to do so again for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023. 

The Company s Audit Committee has adopted
policies and procedures for pre-approving all non-audit work performed by EisnerAmper LLP for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022
and 2021. In determining whether to approve a particular audit or permitted non-audit service, the Audit Committee will consider, among
other things, whether the service is consistent with maintaining the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Audit Committee will also consider whether the independent registered public accounting firm is best positioned to provide the most
effective and efficient service to our Company and whether the service might be expected to enhance our ability to manage or control
risk or improve audit quality. Specifically, the Audit Committee has pre-approved the use of EisnerAmper LLP for detailed, specific types
of services within the following categories of non-audit services: acquisition due diligence and audit services; tax services; and reviews
and procedures that the Company requests EisnerAmper LLP to undertake on matters not required by laws or regulations. In each case, the
Audit Committee has required management to obtain specific pre-approval from the Audit Committee for any engagements. 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services by EisnerAmper
LLP for these various services were: 

For the fiscal years ended 

Type of Fees 
 
 2022 

2021 

(1) Audit Fees 

648,524 

340,000 

(2) Audit-Related Fees 

(3) Tax Fees 

(4) All Other Fees 

648,524 

340,000 

In the above table, in accordance with the SEC s
definitions and rules, audit fees are fees the Company paid EisnerAmper LLP for professional services for the audit of
the Company s consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 included in Form 10-K and review
of consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference into Form S-1 and Form S-3 and included in Form 10-Qs and for services
that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements; audit-related
fees are fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the
Company s consolidated financial statements; tax fees are fees for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning; and
 all other fees are fees for any services not included in the first three categories. All of the services set forth in sections
(1) through (4) above were approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the Audit Committee Charter. 

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company retained a firm other than EisnerAmper LLP for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

62 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

See Index to Financial Statements on page 39 herein. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits are listed in the Exhibit Index beginning on page 62
herein. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 3.1 
 - 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (39) 
 
 3.2 
 - 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended. (17) 
 
 4.1 
 - 
 Specimen certificate representing Class A common stock. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 - 
 Specimen certificate representing Series A Preferred Stock. (7) 
 
 4.3 
 - 
 Limited Recourse Pledge Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, made by Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp. in favor of Prospect Capital Corporation, as Collateral Agent. (15) 
 
 4.4 
 - 
 Guaranty, Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, made by Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC, Access Digital Media, Inc. and Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., in favor of Prospect Capital Corporation, as Collateral Agent. (15) 
 
 4.5 
 - 
 Limited Recourse Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, made by Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp. in favor of Prospect Capital Corporation, as Collateral Agent and as Administrative Agent. (15) 
 
 4.6 
 - 
 Promissory Note dated April 10, 2020. (38) 
 
 4.7 
 - 
 Security Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2011, among CDF2 Holdings, LLC and each Grantor from time to time party thereto and Soci t G n rale, New York Branch, as Collateral Agent for CHG-Meridian U.S. Finance, Ltd. And any other CHG Lease Participants. (14) 
 
 4.8 
 - 
 Form of Warrant issued on December 23, 2016. (20) 
 
 4.9 
 - 
 Warrant issued on December 29, 2017. (25) 
 
 4.10 
 - 
 Trademark Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between the Company and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.11 
 - 
 Trademark Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between Cinedigm Entertainment Corp. and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.12 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between Vistachiara Productions, Inc. and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.13 
 - 
 Copyright Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between the Company and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.14 
 - 
 Copyright Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between Cinedigm Home Entertainment, LLC and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.15 
 - 
 Copyright Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between Cinedigm Entertainment Corp. and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.16 
 - 
 Copyright Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between Vistachiara Productions, Inc. and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.17 
 - 
 Patent Security Agreement dated as of March 30, 2018 by and between the Company and East West Bank. (26) 
 
 4.18 
 - 
 Trademark Security Agreement dated as of July 3, 2019 by and between Comic Blitz II LLC and East West Bank. (28) 
 
 4.19 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 - 
 Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (3) 
 
 10.1.1 
 - 
 Amendment dated May 9, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (5) 
 
 10.1.2 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award. (3) 
 
 10.1.3 
 - 
 Form of Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement. (4) 
 
 10.1.4 
 - 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (employees). (5) 
 
 10.1.5 
 - 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.1.6 
 - 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (directors). (5) 
 
 10.1.7 
 - 
 Amendment No. 2 dated September 4, 2008 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (6) 
 
 10.1.8 
 - 
 Amendment No. 3 dated September 30, 2009 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (8) 

63 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 10.1.9 
 - 
 Amendment No. 4 dated September 14, 2010 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (11) 
 
 10.1.10 
 - 
 Amendment No. 5 dated April 20, 2012 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (12) 
 
 10.1.11 
 - 
 Amendment No. 6 dated September 12, 2012 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (14) 
 
 10.1.12 
 - 
 Amendment No. 7 dated September 16, 2014 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (16) 
 
 10.1.13 
 - 
 Amendment No. 8 dated September 8, 2016 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (18) 
 
 10.1.14 
 - 
 Amendment No. 9 dated September 27, 2016 to the Second Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (19) 
 
 10.2 
 - 
 Cinedigm Corp. Management Incentive Award Plan. (9) 
 
 10.3 
 - 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for non-employee directors. (10) 
 
 10.4 
 - 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan of the Company. (21) 
 
 10.4.1 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Incentive Stock Option Grant. (22) 
 
 10.4.2 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Option Grant. (22) 
 
 10.4.3 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award. (22) 
 
 10.4.4 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Award. (22) 
 
 10.4.5 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award. (24) 
 
 10.4.6 
 - 
 Form of Notice of Stock Appreciation Right Grant (revised). (27) 
 
 10.4.7 
 - 
 Amendment No. 1 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (30) 
 
 10.4.8 
 - 
 Amendment No. 2 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (35) 
 
 10.4.9 
 - 
 Amendment No. 3 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (36) 
 
 10.4.10 
 - 
 Amendment No. 4 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. (40) 
 
 10.4.11 
 - 
 Amendment No. 5 to the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (41) 
 
 10.4.12 
 
 Form of Notice of Restricted Stock Award (Directors). (45) 
 
 10.5 
 - 
 Term Loan Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2013, by and among Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC, Access Digital Media, Inc., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Prospect Capital Corporation as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. (15) (Confidential treatment granted under Rule 24b-2 as to certain portions which are omitted and filed separately with the SEC.) 
 
 10.5.1 
 - 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of August 12, 2013, to Term Loan Agreement dated February 28, 2013 by and among Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC, Access Digital Media, Inc., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Prospect Capital Corporation as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. (46) 
 
 10.5.2 
 - 
 Omnibus Joinder, Amendment No. 2 to Term Loan Agreement and Amendment No. 1 to Guaranty, Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2017, by and among Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC, Access Digital Media, Inc., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., Christie/AIX, Inc., Cinedigm Digital Funding I, LLC, the Lenders party thereto and Prospect Capital Corporation as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. (46) 
 
 10.5.3 
 - 
 Amendment No. 3, dated as of March 4, 2021, to Term Loan Agreement dated February 28, 2013 by and among Cinedigm DC Holdings, LLC, Access Digital Media, Inc., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and Prospect Capital Corporation as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. (46) 
 
 10.6 
 - 
 Equipment Purchase Agreement dated March 26, 2021 between Cinedigm Digital Funding I, LLC and American Multi-Cinema, Inc. (46) 
 
 10.7 
 - 
 Equipment Purchase Agreement dated March 26, 2021 between Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., Access Digital Cinema Phase 2 B/AIX Corp. and American Multi-Cinema, Inc. (46) 
 
 10.8 
 - 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 12, 2021 between Cinedigm Corp. and B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC. (42) 
 
 10.9 
 - 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated as of October 12, 2021 between Cinedigm Corp. and B. Riley Principal Capital, LLC. (42) 
 
 10.10 
 - 
 Employment Agreement between Cinedigm Corp. and Christopher J. McGurk dated as of November 19, 2020. (31) 

64 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Document 
 
 10.10.1 
 - 
 Employment Agreement between Cinedigm Corp. and Christopher J. McGurk dated as of December 10, 2020. (32) 
 
 10.11 
 - 
 Multiparty Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2011, among Cinedigm Digital Funding 2, LLC, as Borrower, Access Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., CDF2 Holdings, LLC, Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp., CHG-MERIDIAN U.S. Finance, Ltd., Soci t G n rale, New York Branch, as Senior Administrative Agent and Ballantyne Strong, Inc., as Approved Vendor. (13) 
 
 10.12 
 - 
 Master Equipment Lease No. 8463, effective as of October 18, 2011, by and between CHG- MERIDIAN U.S. Finance, Ltd. And CDF2 Holdings, LLC. (13) 
 
 10.13 
 - 
 Master Equipment Lease No. 8465, effective as of October 18, 2011, by and between CHG-MERIDIAN U.S. Finance, Ltd. And CDF2 Holdings, LLC. (13) 
 
 10.14 
 - 
 Sale and Leaseback Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2011, by and between CDF2 Holdings, LLC and CHG-MERIDIAN U.S. Finance, Ltd. (13) 
 
 10.15 
 - 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2017, between the Company and the purchasers listed on Schedule I therein. (23) 
 
 10.16 
 - 
 Form of Voting Agreement. (23) 
 
 10.17 
 - 
 Loan, Security and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2018, by and between the Company, East West Bank and the Guarantors named therein. (26) 
 
 10.17.1 
 - 
 Amendment No. 2 to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of July 3, 2019 by and between the Company, East West Bank and the Guarantors named therein. (28) 
 
 10.17.2 
 - 
 Amendment No. 3 to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of July 31, 2019 by and among the Company, East West Bank and the Guarantors named therein. (29) 
 
 10.17.3 
 - 
 Amendment No. 4 to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of June 25, 2020 by and between the Company, East West Bank and the Guarantors named therein. (33) 
 
 10.17.4 
 - 
 Letter from East West Bank dated June 22, 2021. (44) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of September 13, 2021 between Cinedigm Corp. and John Canning. (43) 
 
 10.19 
 - 
 Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement Canning. (43) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement Canning. (43) 
 
 10.21 
 - 
 Employment Agreement between Cinedigm Corp. and Gary S. Loffredo dated as of December 23, 2020. (34) 
 
 10.22 
 - 
 Employment Agreement between Cinedigm Corp. and Erick Opeka dated as of December 23, 2020. (34) 
 
 10.23 
 - 
 Support Letter dated June 29, 2020 from Bison Entertainment and Media Group. (33) 
 
 10.24 
 - 
 Sales Agreement, dated July 6, 2020, by and between Cinedigm Corp., A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners and B. Riley FBR, Inc. (37) 
 
 10.25 
 - 
 Equity Purchase Agreement dated January 4, 2022 among the Company, and David Chu, Augustine Hong, Helen Hong, Michael Hong, Justin Lee, Steven Park, and Kingsoon Ong (collectively, the Sellers and David Chu as representative of the Sellers. 
 
 10.25.1 
 - 
 Amended and Restated Equity Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 2022 among the Company, and David Chu, Augustine Hong, Helen Hong, Michael Hong, Justin Lee, Steven Park, and Kingsoon Ong (collectively, the Sellers and David Chu as representative of the Sellers. 
 
 21.1 
 - 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 - 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP. 
 
 24.1 
 - 
 Powers of Attorney. (Contained on signature page) 
 
 31.1 
 - 
 Officer s Certificate Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 - 
 Officer s Certificate Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 - 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 - 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Management compensatory arrangement. 

Documents Incorporated Herein by Reference: 

(1) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 4, 2003 as an exhibit to the Company s Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-107711). 

(2) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 25, 2005 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-124290). 

65 

(3) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 24, 2007 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-51910). 

(4) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 3, 2008 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-51910). 

(5) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on May 14, 2008 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-51910). 

(6) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 10, 2008 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-51910). 

(7) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on February 9, 2009 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-51910). 

(8) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 6, 2009 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(9) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 27, 2009 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(10) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 21, 2009 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(11) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 16, 2010 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(12) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 24, 2012 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

66 

(13) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 24, 2011 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(14) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 14, 2012 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(15) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on March 4, 2013 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(16) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 17, 2014 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(17) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 12, 2015 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2015 (File No. 001-31810). 

(18) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 8, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(19) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 28, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(20) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 23, 2016 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(21) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 1, 2017 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(22) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 2, 2017 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-220773). 

(23) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 6, 2017 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(24) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 16, 2017 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-31810). 

(25) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on January 2, 2018 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(26) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 4, 2018 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(27) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 7, 2018 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(28) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 15, 2019 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(29) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 26, 2019 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(30) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 5, 2019 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(31) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 23, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(32) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 16, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(33) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 6, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-31810). 

67 

(34) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on December 30, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(35) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 4, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(36) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 26, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(37) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 6, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-239710). 

(38) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 14, 2020 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-31810). 

(39) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on November 15, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-31810). 

(40) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 10, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(41) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 12, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(42) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on October 12, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(43) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 17, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-31810). 

(44) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on September 9, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 001-31810). 

(45) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on August 13, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 8-K/A (File No. 001-31810). 

(46) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 30, 2021 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 001-31810). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

68 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

Date: 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 July
 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John K.
 Canning 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

69 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual
whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Christopher J. McGurk and Gary S. Loffredo, and each of them individually,
his or her true and lawful agent, proxy and attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and
in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to (i) act on, sign and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
any and all amendments to this Report together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, (ii) act on, sign and file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission any and all exhibits to this Report and any and all exhibits and schedules thereto, (iii) act on, sign and file
any and all such certificates, notices, communications, reports, instruments, agreements and other documents as may be necessary or appropriate
in connection therewith and (iv) take any and all such actions which may be necessary or appropriate in connection therewith, granting
unto such agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, and each of them individually, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing necessary or appropriate to be done, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and
hereby approving, ratifying and confirming all that such agents, proxies and attorneys-in-fact, any of them or any of his, her or their
substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

SIGNATURE(S) 
 
 TITLE(S) 
 
 DATE 

/s/ Christopher J. McGurk 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Christopher J. McGurk 
 
 Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John K. Canning 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 John K. Canning 

/s/ Ashok Amritraj 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Ashok Amritraj 

/s/ Peter C. Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Peter C. Brown 

/s/ Patrick O Brien 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Patrick O Brien 

/s/ Peixin Xu 
 
 Director 
 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 Peixin Xu 

70 

<EX-4.19>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-19_cinedigmcorp.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit
4.19 

 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock 

The
following description of Cinedigm Corp. s common stock and provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws are summaries
and are qualified by reference to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, which have been incorporated by reference as exhibits
to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 275,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Class A common
stock ), and 15,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, of which 20 shares are authorized as Series A 10 
Non-Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 

As
of March 31, 2022, there were 175,313,584 shares of Class A common stock outstanding, and 7 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding. 

Description
of Common Stock 

Voting
Rights . Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 

Holders
of a majority of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock present or represented by proxy at any meeting of our stockholders constitute
a quorum. 

Dividends;
Liquidation; Preemptive Rights . Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends only if, as and when declared by
our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders
of Class A common stock are entitled, subject to any priorities due to any holders of our preferred stock, ratably to share in all assets
remaining after payment of our liabilities. Holders of Class A common stock have no preemptive rights nor any other rights to subscribe
for shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock. 

Our
Class A common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol CIDM. 

Description
of Warrants 

The
following table presents information on outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock as of March 31, 2022. All
of the outstanding warrants are fully vested and exercisable. 

Amount 
 Outstanding 
 Expiration 
 Exercise Price 
Per Share 
 
 Warrants issued in connection with a term loan agreement 
 1,400,000 
 December 2022 
 1.80 

Such
warrants provide for adjustment upon a stock split, stock dividend, or stock reclassification. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
Board of Directors is authorized, subject to any limitations prescribed by law, without further stockholder approval, to issue from time
to time up to an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares of our preferred stock, in one or more series. The Series A Preferred Stock
may be redeemed by the Company at any time after the second anniversary of the date such shares were issued in cash or, at the Company s
option if certain conditions are met, in shares of Class A common stock. The holders of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive cumulative dividends from the date of issuance at an annual rate of 10 of the original issue price. Such dividends
shall be payable in arrears in cash or, at the Company s option, in shares of Class A common stock if certain conditions are met,
quarterly on the last day of each calendar quarter, until such shares of Preferred Stock are redeemed. 

Each
other series of preferred stock to be issued, if any, will have such number of shares, designations, preferences, powers and qualifications
and special or relative rights or privileges as will be determined by our board of directors, which may include, among others, dividend
rights, voting rights, redemption and sinking fund provisions, liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights. The
rights of the holders of our common stock will be subject to the rights of holders of any preferred stock outstanding and issued in the
future. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with the possible acquisitions
and other corporate purposes, could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or of discouraging a third
party from acquiring, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Delaware Law; Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Bylaws 

Delaware
law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging
another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first
negotiate with our Board. 

No
Cumulative Voting. Under Delaware law, the right to vote cumulatively does not exist unless the certificate of incorporation specifically
authorizes cumulative voting. Our Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation does not grant shareholders the right to vote
cumulatively. 

Blank
Check Preferred Stock . We believe that the availability of the preferred stock under our Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation provides us with flexibility in addressing corporate issues that may arise. Having these authorized shares available for
issuance will allow us to issue shares of preferred stock without the expense and delay of a special stockholders meeting. The
authorized shares of preferred stock, as well as shares of Class A common stock, will be available for issuance without further action
by our stockholders, with the exception of any actions required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange on which our securities
may be listed. Our Board of Directors will have the power, subject to applicable law, to issue classes or series of preferred stock that
could, depending on the terms of the class or series, impede the completion of a merger, tender offer or other takeover attempt. 

Stockholder
Action by Written Consent . Our Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that any action required or permitted
to be taken at any annual or special meeting of our stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote
if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, are signed by the holders of outstanding capital stock of having
not less than the minimum number of votes necessary to authorize such action at a meeting at which all shares of capital stock entitled
to vote thereon were present and voted. 

</EX-4.19>

<EX-10.25>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-25_cinedigmcorp.htm
 EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED JANUARY 4, 2022 AMONG THE COMPANY, AND DAVID CHU, AUGUSTINE HONG, HELEN HONG, MICHAEL HONG, JUSTIN LEE, STEVEN PARK, AND KINGSOON ONG (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SELLERS") AND DAVID CHU AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE SELLERS

Exhibit 10.25 

EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Equity Purchase Agreement
(this Agreement is made as of January 4, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and among Cinedigm Corp.,
a Delaware corporation Buyer ), the members of the Company (as defined here) set forth on the signature page hereto
(each a Seller and together, Sellers and David Chu, solely in the capacity as representative
of Sellers as set forth herein (the Seller Representative and together with Buyer and Sellers, the Parties ). 

WHEREAS , Sellers own
all of the membership interests (the Equity of Asian Media Rights, LLC, a New York limited liability company, d/b/a
Digital Media Rights Target or the Company ); and 

WHEREAS , Buyer desires
to purchase from Sellers, and Sellers desire to sell and assign to Buyer, the Equity in return for cash and Common Stock (as defined herein)
as set forth herein. 

Now,
therefore , in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained
herein, the Parties agree as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions . 

Affiliate 
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act. 

Affiliated Group 
means any affiliated group within the meaning of Code Section 1504(a) or any similar group defined under a similar provision of state,
local, or non-U.S. law. 

Agreement 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Basis 
means any past or present fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice, plan, occurrence, event, incident, action,
failure to act, or transaction that forms or could form the basis for any specified consequence. 

Broker 
means any agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person. 

Broker s Fee 
means any financial advisory, broker s, finder s or similar fee or commission or reimbursement of expenses to a Broker. 

Business 
means the media and entertainment business that consists of direct-to-consumer streaming television networks and social media channels,
global content aggregation and distribution or digital video advertising networks. 

Business Day means
any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in New York, New York are authorized or required by
Law to be closed for business. 

Buyer 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

1 

Buyer Indemnified
Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3. 

Cash Closing Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 

Closing 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 below. 

Closing Certificate 
means a certificate delivered by the Seller Representative stating (a) (i) the identity of any Person to whom payment of Transaction Expenses
or repayment of any outstanding unpaid Indebtedness of the Company existing as of the Closing Date shall be made, (ii) the amounts payable
to such Person, and (iii) wire transfer information for such Person and (b) (i) the name and address of each Seller, (ii) the Purchase
Price payable to such Seller, and (iii) wire transfer information for such Seller. 

Closing Date 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 below. 

Closing Working
Capital means (a) the Current Assets of the Company, less (b) the Current Liabilities of the Company, determined as of the
close of business on the Closing Date. 

COBRA 
means the requirements of Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Code Section 4980B and of any similar state law. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Common Stock 
means Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Buyer. 

Company 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Company Real Properties 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12. 

Confidential Information 
means any information concerning the businesses and affairs of the Target that is not already available to the public. 

Controlling Members 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2. 

Current Assets 
means cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, but excluding (a) the portion of any prepaid expense
of which Buyer will not receive the benefit following the Closing; (b) deferred Tax assets; and (c) receivables from any of the Company s
Affiliates, members, managers, employees, or officers and any of their respective Affiliates, determined in accordance with GAAP applied
using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation
and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements for the most recent fiscal year end as if such
accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 

Current Liabilities 
means accounts payable, accrued Taxes and accrued expenses, but excluding payables to any of the Company s Affiliates, members,
managers, employees, or officers and any of their respective Affiliates, deferred Tax liabilities and the current portion of long term
debt, determined in accordance with GAAP applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with
consistent classifications, judgments and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements
for the most recent fiscal year end as if such accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 

2 

Disclosure Schedules 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4. 

EDGAR 
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.13. 

Employee Benefit
Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in ERISA Section 3(3)) and any other material
employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of any kind in each case, that Target maintains, to which Target contributes or has any
obligation to contribute on behalf of any current or former employee, officer or director, or with respect to which Target has any Liability. 

Employee Pension
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(2). 

Employee Welfare
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(1). 

Environmental Laws 
means, whenever in effect, all federal, state, local, and non-U.S. statutes, regulations, ordinances, and other provisions having the
force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative orders and determinations, and all common law concerning pollution or protection
of the environment, including, without limitation, all those relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling, transportation,
treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, labeling, testing, processing, discharge, release, threatened release, control, exposure to,
or cleanup of any hazardous materials, substances, wastes, chemical substances, mixtures, pesticides, pollutants, contaminants, toxic
chemicals, petroleum products or byproducts, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, noise, odor, mold, or radiation. 

ERISA 
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate 
means each entity that is treated as a single employer with Target for purposes of Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o). 

Fiduciary 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(21). 

Filed Reports 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 

Financial Statements 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Fraud 
means actual (and not constructive) fraud, consisting of an intentionally and knowingly false misrepresentation of material and existing
fact by one Party to another Party in the making of the representations and warranties in Section 3 or 4, as applicable, made with the
specific intent to deceive the complaining Party, upon which the complaining Party actually and justifiably relied to its detriment. 

GAAP 
means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. 

3 

Governmental Authority 
means any court, arbitrator, administrative or other governmental department, agency, commission, authority or instrumentality, domestic
or foreign. 

Indebtedness 
means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits
or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations
of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title
retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase
price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of
others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any
Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all guarantees
by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all capital lease obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity
(including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such
Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide
that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Indemnifying Party 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Intellectual Property 
means all of the following in any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether
or not reduced to practice), all improvements thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures, together with all
reissuances, continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks, service
marks, trade dress, logos, slogans, trade names, corporate names, Internet domain names, other source identifiers, and rights in telephone
numbers, together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith,
and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications,
registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection
therewith, (e) all trade secrets and confidential, technical, and business information (including ideas, research and development, know-how,
formulas, compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer
and supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and proposals), (f) all computer software (including
in both source code and object code form, executable code, data, databases, and related documentation), (g) all advertising and promotional
materials, (h) all other proprietary rights, and (i) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form or medium). 

Key Persons 
means David Chu, Michael Hong and Tommy Lee. 

4 

Law means
any applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule regulation, judgment, order, injunction, decree or agency
requirement of any Governmental Authority. 

Lease 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12. 

Legal Proceeding 
means any private or governmental action, suit, complaint, arbitration, mediation, legal or administrative proceeding or investigation
pending or threatened, whether prior to or post-Closing and whether or not a contingent liability, arising or accruing from actions or
activities prior to the Closing Date. 

Liability 
means any liability or obligation of whatever kind or nature (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute
or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including any liability
for Taxes. 

Lien 
means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, charge, claim, option, right to acquire, adverse interest, encumbrance,
restriction, lien (statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease involving substantially the
same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable
Law of any jurisdiction). 

Limited Survival
Representations has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 

Losses 
means any and all deficiencies, judgments, settlements, losses, damages, interest, fines, penalties, Taxes, costs and expenses (including
reasonable legal, accounting and other costs and expenses of professionals) incurred in connection with investigating, defending, settling
or satisfying any and all demands, claims, actions, causes of action, inquiries, suits, proceedings, assessments, audits, investigations,
judgments or appeals, and in seeking indemnification, compensation or reimbursement therefor. In no event shall any Loss include punitive,
special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages, except: (a) to the extent actually paid or payable to a third party; (b) Taxes;
and (c) breaches of the covenants set forth in Section 5.3 (Confidentiality) and Section 5.4 (Covenant Not to Compete). 

Material Adverse
Effect means, with respect to any Person, any event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change that is, or would reasonably be
expected to become, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to: (a) the business, results of operations, condition (financial
or otherwise), or assets of such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (b) the ability of such Person to consummate the Transactions
on a timely basis; provided, however, that a Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include events, occurrences, facts, conditions
or changes arising out of, relating to or resulting from: (i) changes in the national or world economy or financial markets as a whole
or changes in general economic conditions that affect the industries in which the Person conducts its business, so long as such changes
or conditions do not adversely affect the Person in a materially disproportionate manner relative to other similarly situated participants
in the industries or markets in which it operates; (ii) any change in applicable Law or GAAP or interpretation thereof after the date
hereof, so long as such changes do not adversely affect the Person in a materially disproportionate manner relative to other similarly
situated participants in the industries or markets in which it operates; (iii) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including losses or threatened losses of employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or others having
relationships with a Person; (iv) any action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement or any action taken (or omitted to be
taken) at the request of, or with the consent of, Buyer; (v) any natural disaster or acts of God; or (vi) any epidemics, pandemics, disease
outbreaks, or other public health emergencies (including the COVID-19 global pandemic) or any action taken by any Governmental Authority
in response thereto. 

5 

Most Recent Balance
Sheet means the balance sheet contained within the Most Recent Financial Statements. 

Most Recent Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Most Recent Fiscal
Month End has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Most Recent Fiscal
Year End has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Multiemployer Plan 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(37). 

Net Working Capital
Methodology means the principles and methodologies for calculating the Closing Working Capital and Final Net Working Capital
of the Company, an example of which is attached as Exhibit A . 

Order 
means any judgment, writ, decree, directive, decision, injunction, ruling, award or order (including any consent decree or cease and desist
order) of any kind of any Governmental Authority. 

Ordinary Course
of Business means, with respect to an action taken by any Person, an action that is consistent in nature, scope and magnitude
with the past practices of such Person. 

Party 
or Parties has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Person 
means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint
venture, an unincorporated organization, any other business entity, or a governmental entity (or any department, agency, or political
subdivision thereof). 

Prohibited Transaction 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975. 

Pre-Closing Tax
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

Pro Rata Percentages 
means the amount for each Seller set forth opposite such Seller s name on Annex A , which amount may consist of (a) a combination
of cash and Common Stock or (b) solely cash. 

6 

Purchase Price 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 below. 

Rule 144 
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule
or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(k). 

Securities Act 
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Securities Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Sellers 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Seller Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2. 

Stock Closing Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 

Straddle Period 
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2. 

Subsidiary 
or Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association,
or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, or trustees thereof is at the time owned
or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof
or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity (other than a corporation), a majority
of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person
or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof and for this purpose, a Person or Persons own a majority ownership
interest in such a business entity (other than a corporation) if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of such business
entity s gains or losses or shall be or control any managing director or general partner of such business entity (other than a corporation).
The term Subsidiary shall include all Subsidiaries of such Subsidiary. 

Target 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Target Working Capital 
means 1,235,478.17. 

Tax or
 Taxes means any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise,
severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental (including taxes under Code Section 59A), customs duties,
capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal property,
sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever (including
any penalty for the failure to properly file any information return), including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed
or not and including any obligations to indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the Tax liability of any other Person. 

7 

Tax Return 
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 

Third-Party Claim 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Transactions 
means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Transaction Documents 
means: (a) this Agreement; and (b) all other agreements, documents and instruments to be delivered in connection with the Transactions. 

Transaction Expenses 
means all fees, expenses, costs, commissions, transaction bonuses or disbursements payable by Company or Sellers incurred in connection
with the process of selling the Company or otherwise relating to the negotiation, preparation, or execution of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including (a) all fees, expenses, costs, commissions or disbursements of any investment banker, advisor,
attorney, accountant or other professional; (b) all fees and expenses associated with obtaining necessary or appropriate consents; and
(c) all fees and expenses associated with obtaining the release and termination of any Liens. 

Unregistered Shares 
has the meaning set forth in Section 5.13. 

WARN Act 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.8 below. 

1.1 Terms
Generally . The definitions set forth or referenced in Section 1.1 and elsewhere in this Agreement, shall apply equally to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation . To the Knowledge of a Person means: (a) with respect to Sellers,
 to the Knowledge of Sellers means the actual knowledge of the Key Persons after reasonable inquiry; and (b) with respect
to Buyer, to the Knowledge of Buyer means the actual knowledge of Gary Loffredo after reasonable inquiry of such Person s
direct reports. 

Section 2. Purchase and
Sale of Target Equity . 

2.1 Basic
Transaction . On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Buyer agrees to purchase from Sellers, and Sellers agree
to sell to Buyer, the Equity for the consideration specified below in this Section 2. 

2.2 Purchase
Price . 

(a) The
purchase price for the Equity shall be an aggregate of 22,000,000 (Twenty Two Million Dollars) which will be paid at the Closing as follows:
(A) 8,000,000 (Eight Million Dollars) shall be paid in cash (the Cash Closing Purchase Price and (B) subject to
Section 2.8, 14,000,000 (Fourteen Million Dollars) shall be paid in Common Stock (the Stock Closing Purchase Price 
and together with the Cash Closing Purchase Price, the Purchase Price ), with such Common Stock being valued at the
volume weighted average price per share of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market (or any other market or exchange on which the
Common Stock is then listed or quoted for trading) for the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the last trading day immediately preceding
the Closing Date and, if necessary, rounded up to the next full share; provided, however, that unless Buyer has obtained approval of its
stockholders in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(a), in no event will the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to
this Agreement exceed nineteen and 9/10 percent (19.9 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution
of this Agreement; provided, further, that if Buyer is no longer trading on Nasdaq Global Market (or any other market or exchange on which
the Common Stock could be listed or quoted for trading) then the Stock Closing Purchase Price shall be paid entirely in cash. 

8 

(b) On
the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Closing Purchase Price to Sellers pursuant to the delivery instructions
set forth in Section 2.2 of the Disclosure Schedules. 

2.3 Seller
Representative Reserve . 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2, at the Closing, Buyer shall deposit in an account designated by the Seller Representative,
 1,000,000 (the Seller Representative Reserve ), which amount shall be deemed to reduce the Cash Closing Purchase
Price otherwise payable at Closing under this Section 2 and which shall be held by the Seller Representative for the benefit of Sellers
in accordance with this Section 2. The Parties agree to treat the Seller Representative Reserve as owned by Sellers in accordance with
their Pro Rata Percentages and to file all Tax Returns on a basis consistent with such treatment. 

(b) The
Seller Representative Reserve may be applied as the Seller Representative, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong,
determines appropriate to defray, offset or pay any charges, fees, costs, liabilities or expenses of the Seller Representative incurred
in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents. Sellers will not receive any interest or earnings on the Seller Representative
Reserve and irrevocably transfer and assign to the Seller Representative any ownership right that they may otherwise have had in any such
interest or earnings. The Seller Representative will not be liable for any loss of principal of the Seller Representative Reserve other
than as a result of his gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

(c) The
balance of the Seller Representative Reserve held pursuant to this Section 2.3, if any, shall be distributed to Sellers by the Seller
Representative. Each Seller shall be deemed to have contributed an amount to the Seller Representative Reserve equal to such Seller s
respective Pro Rata Percentage of the Seller Representative Reserve. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller Representative Reserve
shall only be so distributed when the Seller Representative determines, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong, that
such distribution is appropriate. Sellers agree that the Seller Representative is not acting as a withholding agent or in any similar
capacity in connection with the Seller Representative Reserve and that the Seller Representative shall have no responsibility for tax
reporting with respect to the ultimate distribution of any balance of the Seller Representative Reserve. None of Buyer or the Company
or their respective Affiliates shall have any liability or responsibility to Sellers with respect to the Seller Representative Reserve
or the actions and responsibilities of the Seller Representative contemplated by this Section 2.3, and Sellers shall seek distribution
of the Seller Representative Reserve solely from the Seller Representative. 

9 

2.4 Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment . 

(a) Closing
Adjustment . 

(i) At
the Closing, the Cash Closing Purchase Price shall be adjusted as follows either by (A) an increase by the amount, if any, by which the
Estimated Closing Working Capital (as determined in accordance with Section 2.4(a)(ii)) is greater than the Target Working Capital, or
(B) a decrease by the amount, if any, by which the Estimated Closing Working Capital is less than the Target Working Capital. The net
amount after giving effect to the adjustments listed in this Section 2.4(a) shall be the Closing Purchase Price . 

(ii) At
least three Business Days before the Closing, the Seller Representative shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a statement setting forth Sellers 
good faith estimate of Closing Working Capital (the Estimated Closing Working Capital ), which statement shall contain
an estimated balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein), a calculation
of Estimated Closing Working Capital (the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement ), and a certificate of the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company that the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement was prepared in good faith and consistent
with the Company s past practices and the Net Working Capital Methodology. During such three-day period, Buyer shall review the
Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement and related work papers and ask questions of the Seller Representative and the Company s
accountant during normal business hours regarding the same until the Parties mutually agree on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement.
An example of the calculation of Closing Working Capital in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology is appended hereto as
 Exhibit A . 

(b) Post-Closing
Adjustment . 

(i) As
soon as practicable following the Closing Date (but not later than sixty (60) days after the Closing Date), Buyer shall prepare and deliver
to the Seller Representative a statement setting forth its calculation of Closing Working Capital, which statement shall contain a balance
sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein), a calculation of Closing
Working Capital (the Closing Working Capital Statement and a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Buyer
that the Closing Working Capital Statement was prepared in good faith in a manner consistent with the Estimated Closing Working Capital
Statement and in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology. If Buyer fails to deliver the Closing Working Capital Statement
within the sixty-day period, the Closing Working Capital set forth in the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement shall be deemed
final and binding on the Parties hereto. 

(ii) The
post-closing adjustment shall be an amount equal to the Closing Working Capital minus the Estimated Closing Working Capital (the Post-Closing
Adjustment ). 

10 

(c) Examination
and Review . 

(i) Examination .
After receipt of the Closing Working Capital Statement, the Seller Representative shall have thirty (30) days (the Review Period to review the Closing Working Capital Statement. During the Review Period, the Seller Representative, Sellers and Sellers accountants
shall have full access to the books and records of the Company, the personnel of, and work papers prepared by, Buyer and/or Buyer s
accountants to the extent that they relate to the Closing Working Capital Statement and to such historical financial information (to the
extent in Buyer s or the Company s possession) relating to the Closing Working Capital Statement as the Seller Representative
may reasonably request for the purpose of reviewing the Closing Working Capital Statement and to prepare a Statement of Objections, provided,
that such access shall be in a manner that does not materially interfere with the normal business operations of Buyer or the Company. 

(ii) Objection .
On or prior to the last day of the Review Period, the Seller Representative may object to the Closing Working Capital Statement by delivering
to Buyer a written statement setting forth Sellers objections in reasonable detail, indicating each disputed item or amount and
the basis for Sellers disagreement therewith (the Statement of Objections ). If the Seller Representative fails
to deliver the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Post-Closing
Adjustment, as the case may be, reflected in the Closing Working Capital Statement shall be deemed to have been accepted by Sellers. If
the Seller Representative delivers the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, Buyer and the Seller Representative
shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objections within thirty (30) days after the delivery of the Statement of Objections (the
 Resolution Period ), and, if the same are so resolved within the Resolution Period, the Post-Closing Adjustment and
the Closing Working Capital Statement with such changes as may have been previously agreed in writing by Buyer and the Seller Representative,
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Parties hereto. 

(iii) Resolution
of Disputes . If the Seller Representative and Buyer fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matters set forth in the
Statement of Objections before expiration of the Resolution Period, then Buyer and the Seller Representative shall appoint by mutual agreement
BDO USA, LLP (so long as BDO USA, LLP has no professional relationship with any of the Parties or their respective Affiliates), or if
that firm is unwilling or unable to serve, Buyer and the Seller Representative will appoint another mutually acceptable independent accounting
firm of recognized standing (which firm is not the regular auditing firm of any of the Parties or their Affiliates) (the appointed firm,
the Independent Accountant who, acting as experts and not arbitrators, shall resolve any amounts remaining in dispute Disputed Amounts only and make any adjustments to the Post-Closing Adjustment, as the case may be, and the Closing
Working Capital Statement in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology. The Parties hereto agree that all adjustments shall
be made without regard to materiality. The Independent Accountant shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the Parties and
its decision for each Disputed Amount must be within the range of values assigned to each such item in the Closing Working Capital Statement
and the Statement of Objections, respectively. The Parties hereto agree that neither Buyer nor the Seller Representative shall communicate
with the Independent Accountant without the knowledge of such other Party. 

11 

(iv) Fees
of the Independent Accountant . The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be paid by Sellers from the Seller Representative
Reserve to the extent of its balance, and thereafter shall be paid by Sellers based on their respective Pro Rata Percentages, on the one
hand, and by Buyer, on the other hand, based upon the percentage that the amount actually contested but not awarded to Sellers or Buyer,
respectively, bears to the aggregate amount actually contested by Sellers and Buyer. 

(v) Determination
by Independent Accountant . The Independent Accountant shall make a determination as soon as practicable within thirty (30) days (or
such other time as the parties hereto shall agree in writing) after its engagement, and its resolution of the Disputed Amounts and its
adjustments to the Closing Working Capital Statement and/or the Post-Closing Adjustment shall be conclusive and binding upon the Parties
hereto. 

(d) Payments
of Post-Closing Adjustment . If the Closing Working Capital as reflected on the Closing Working Capital Statement (as is deemed final
and conclusive in accordance with this Section 2.4, the Final Net Working Capital exceeds the Closing Working Capital
reflected on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement, then Buyer (or, at Buyer s direction, the Company) shall pay promptly
(and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the Final Net Working Capital has been established) to Sellers an amount in cash
that is equal to such excess in accordance with each Seller s Pro Rata Percentages and the payment instructions provided in the
Closing Certificate. If the Closing Working Capital reflected on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement exceeds the Final Net
Working Capital, then the Seller Representative shall pay promptly from the Seller Representative Reserve (and, in any event, within the
five (5) Business Day period described above) to Buyer an amount in cash that is equal to such excess; provided that to the extent the
Seller Representative Reserve does not include adequate funds to pay Buyer as set forth in this Section 2.4(d), any such shortfall amount
shall be paid by Sellers based on their respective Pro Rata Percentages; provided further that the Controlling Members shall be liable
to Buyer for any such amount that is not timely paid. Any payments shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such
account as is directed by Buyer or the Seller Representative, as the case may be. 

(e) Adjustments
for Tax Purposes . Any payments made pursuant to Section 2.4 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the parties
for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law. 

2.5 Closing .
The closing of the Transactions (the Closing shall take place at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Buyer as soon as practicable
and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions precedent set forth herein
and at such other time or place as is mutually agreed by the Parties in writing (the Closing Date ). 

2.6 Withholding .
Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all Taxes Buyer, as applicable, may be required to deduct and withhold
under any provision of federal, state, local, or foreign Tax Law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered to Sellers hereunder.
Sellers shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Buyer prior to Closing a certificate (or certificates), including without limitation
and if applicable a Form W-9, in form satisfactory to Buyer and in compliance with applicable Treasury Regulations certifying that the
Transactions are exempt from withholding under the Code. 

12 

2.7 Deliveries
at Closing . 

(a) At
the Closing, Sellers will deliver to Buyer the following: 

(i) Duly
executed assignment documents assigning and transferring the ownership of record of the Equity in accordance with applicable Law. 

(ii) The
certificate required by Section 8.1(c). 

(iii) Copies
of the Third-Party Consents. 

(iv) A
certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2(b) duly executed by each Seller that he or she is not a foreign person within
the meaning of Section 1445 of the Code. 

(v) The
agreements pursuant to which Target will acquire certain assets of Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC, in the forms attached
as Exhibit B . 

(vi) Payoff
letters for the Indebtedness of Target. 

(vii) Executed
employment agreement between the Company and David Chu in the form attached as Exhibit C . 

(viii) Executed
employment offer letter between the Company and Tommy Lee in the form attached as Exhibit D . 

(ix) Executed
consulting agreement between the Company and Michael Hong in the form attached as Exhibit E . 

(x) All
other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Sellers at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement. 

(b) At
the Closing, Buyer will deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers, the Seller Representative or their designees, as the case may be,
the following: 

(i) To
each Seller, wire transfers of his or her share of the Cash Closing Purchase Price to which each Seller is entitled hereunder in accordance
with payment instructions provided in the Closing Certificate. 

(ii) To
Sellers, copy of instructions to Buyer s transfer agent to issue the Stock Closing Purchase Price to each Seller who is entitled
to receive Common Stock in accordance with allocations provided in the Closing Certificate. 

(iii) To
the Seller Representative, the Seller Representative Reserve in accordance with Section 2.3. 

(iv) To
the Persons to whom payment of Transaction Expenses or repayment of any outstanding unpaid Indebtedness of the Company existing as of
the Closing Date shall be made, such cash amounts in accordance with payment instructions in the Closing Certificate. 

(v) All
other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Buyer at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement. 

13 

2.8 No Fractional Shares .
No fraction of a share of Common Stock will be issued by virtue of the Transactions. 

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties Concerning Transaction . 

3.1 Sellers 
Representations and Warranties . Each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Buyer with respect to himself or
herself only, that the statements contained in this Section 3.1 are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and the
Closing Date. 

(a) Authorization
of Transaction . Such Seller has the requisite legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform his or her obligations
hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of such Seller, enforceable in accordance with its terms
and conditions. Such Seller need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any
government or governmental agency in order to consummate the Transactions. 

(b) Non-Contravention .
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the Transactions, will (i) violate any constitution,
statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency,
or court to which such Seller is subject, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration
of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease,
license, instrument, or other arrangement to which such Seller is a party or by which he or she is bound or to which any of his or her
assets are subject, or (iii) result in the imposition or creation of a Lien upon or with respect to such Seller s Equity. 

(c) Brokers 
Fees . No Broker is, will or might be entitled, by reason of any agreement, act or statement by such Seller to any Broker s Fee. 

(d) Equity .
Such Seller holds of record and owns beneficially the amount of the Equity set forth next to his or her name in Section 4.2 of the
Disclosure Schedule, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other than any restrictions under the Securities Act, state securities
laws and the Target s organizational documents), Taxes, Liens, options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, equities,
claims, and demands. Such Seller is not a party to any option, warrant, purchase right, or other contract or commitment (other than this
Agreement and the Target s organizational documents) that could require such Seller to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any
capital stock of Target. Such Seller is not a party to any voting trust, proxy, or other agreement or understanding with respect to the
voting of any capital stock of Target. 

14 

(e) Legal
Proceedings . To such Seller s Knowledge, there is no: (a) Legal Proceeding pending or threatened against such Seller that seeks
to restrain, enjoin or delay the consummation of this Agreement or the Transactions or that seeks damages in connection therewith; or
(b) judgment, decree, injunction, rule, or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Seller that has had or is reasonably
likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on such Seller or his or her ability to consummate
the Transactions. 

(f) Private
Placement . 

(i) Such
Seller acknowledges that the shares of Common Stock that constitute the Stock Closing Purchase Price (collectively, the Purchase
Price Stock ), are restricted securities as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, and such Seller is acquiring the Purchase Price Stock for his or her
own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Purchase Price Stock or any part thereof in violation of the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, have no present intention of distributing any of such Purchase Price Stock in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding
the distribution of such Purchase Price Stock (without limiting its right to sell the Purchase Price Stock in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws) in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. Such Seller does not have
any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Purchase Price Stock. 

(ii) As
of the date of the Agreement and on each date on which such Seller receives any Purchase Price Stock, such Seller is or shall be, an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act, except as set forth on Annex
B . 

(iii) Such
Seller, either alone or together with his or her representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial
matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective acquisition of the Purchase Price Stock, and has so
evaluated the merits and risks of such acquisition. Such Seller is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Purchase Price
Stock and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(iv) Such
Seller is not acquiring the Purchase Price Stock as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Purchase Price Stock published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

(v) Such
Seller acknowledges that he or she has reviewed the registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements, and
other documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated by reference) required to be filed or furnished by Buyer with
or to the SEC since April 1, 2017 (collectively, Filed Reports and the Transaction Documents and have been afforded
the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of Buyer concerning
Buyer and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Purchase Price Stock and the merits and risks of acquiring the Purchase Price
Stock. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by such Seller or on his or her behalf by its representatives or counsel
shall modify, amend or affect such Seller s right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Filed Reports and the Transaction
Documents. 

15 

3.2 Buyer s
Representations and Warranties . Buyer represents and warrants to Sellers that the statements contained in this Section 3.2 are
correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date. 

(a) Organization
and Qualification . Buyer is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware,
has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and
is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to so register would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Buyer. 

(b) Authorization
and Validity of Agreement . Buyer has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which it is or will become a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is or will become a party
and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Buyer.
This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will become a party has been, or when executed shall be, duly
executed and delivered by Buyer. Assuming that this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will become a party
is a valid and binding agreement of the other Parties thereto, this Agreement and each such Transaction Document constitutes, or when
executed shall constitute, a valid and binding agreement of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except: (a)
as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other Laws of general application
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; (b) as limited by Laws relating to the availability of
specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies; or (c) to the extent the indemnification provisions contained herein
may be limited by applicable federal or state securities Laws. 

(c) Brokers
or Finders . No Broker is, will or might be entitled, by reason of any agreement, act or statement by Buyer or any of its officers,
employees, consultants or agents, to any Broker s Fee. 

(d) No
Approvals or Notices Required; No Conflict with Instruments . The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents to which it is party will not contravene or violate: (i) any existing Law to which it is subject; (ii)
any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree or award of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority which is applicable to it; (iii)
the organizational documents of Buyer; or (iv) any contract to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is otherwise bound, other than
consents previously obtained. No authorization, approval or consent, and no registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority is
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the related agreements and documents and the
Transactions by Buyer. 

16 

(e) Legal
Proceedings . There is no: (i) Legal Proceeding pending or threatened against Buyer that seeks to restrain, enjoin or delay the consummation
of this Agreement or the Transactions or that seeks damages in connection therewith; or (ii) judgment, decree, injunction, rule, or order
of any Governmental Authority applicable to Buyer or its businesses that has had or is reasonably likely to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Compliance
with Laws . Without limiting the scope of any other representation in this Agreement, Buyer and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance
and has at all times within the past five years been in material compliance with all Laws, judgments or governmental authorizations applicable
to it or to the conduct of its business or the ownership or use of any of its properties or assets, except as disclosed in the Filed Reports
and for any such defaults or violations or instances of non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Buyer. Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries has received at any time within the past five years any written notice or other
written communication, or to the Knowledge of Buyer, any other notice, from any Governmental Authority or any other Person regarding any
actual, alleged or potential violation of, or failure to comply with, any applicable material Law, judgment or governmental authorization,
any actual or threatened revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or modification of any material governmental authorization,
or any actual, alleged or potential obligation on the part of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to undertake, or to bear all or any portion
of the cost of, any material remedial action of any nature, except as disclosed in the Filed Reports. 

(g) Purchase
Price Stock . 

(i) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (A) there are no equity interests of any class of Buyer authorized, issued, reserved for issuance
or outstanding, (B) there are no options, warrants, equity interests, calls, rights or other contracts to which Buyer or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries is bound obligating Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, exchange,
transfer, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, exchanged, transferred, delivered or sold, additional equity interests of Buyer or any
of its Subsidiaries, or obligating Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of,
otherwise modify or amend or enter into any such option, warrant, equity interest, call, right, or contract, (C) there are no outstanding
or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or similar rights with respect to Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries,
and (D) no holder of Indebtedness of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries has any right to convert or exchange such Indebtedness for
any equity interests of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries. No holder of Indebtedness of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries has any rights
to vote for the election of directors of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries or to vote on any other matter, except upon conversion thereof
into equity interests of Buyer. 

17 

(ii) All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable
and not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any
similar right. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Buyer, the issued and outstanding equity interests of each
subsidiary of Buyer and Buyer s outstanding options have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Laws. 

(iii) Any
Purchase Price Stock delivered in accordance with this Agreement shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free and clear of any Liens . 

(iv) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of Buyer or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any equity interests of Buyer or any of its subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither
Buyer nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any obligation or requirement to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any subsidiary or any other Person (other than intercompany obligations). 

(h) Independent
Investigation . Buyer has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the business, results of operations,
prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company, and acknowledges that it has been provided adequate access to
the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of the Sellers and the Company for such purpose.
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions, Buyer
has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of the Sellers set forth in Sections 3.1 and
4 of this Agreement (including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules); and (b) none of the Sellers, the Company or any other
Person has made any representation or warranty as to the Sellers, the Company or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Section
3.1 and 4 of this Agreement (including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or the representations and warranties contained
in any certificate delivered by the Sellers or the Company hereunder. 

(i) Adequacy
of Funds . Buyer has, and will have prior to and at the Closing adequate financial resources
to satisfy its monetary and other obligations under this Agreement including the obligation to pay the Purchase Price in accordance herewith. 

(j) No
Integrated Offering . Neither Buyer, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its
or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that would cause this offering of Common Stock to be integrated with prior offerings by Buyer for purposes of: (x) the Securities
Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (y) any applicable shareholder approval provisions
of any trading market on which any of the securities of Buyer are listed or designated. 

18 

(k) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports: 

(i) Buyer
has timely filed or furnished all registration statements, prospectuses, forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents (including
exhibits and other information incorporated therein) required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC since January 1, 2020 (the
 SEC Reports other than Buyer s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. The SEC Reports (after giving effect to all amendments thereto) were prepared
in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and all applicable rules and regulations thereunder. To the Knowledge of Buyer, none of the SEC Reports is the subject of ongoing SEC
review and there are no inquiries or investigations by the SEC or any internal investigations pending or threatened, in each case regarding
any accounting practices of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries. The SEC Reports, at the time filed or, in the case of registration statements,
at each date of effectiveness, complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities
Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as it may be amended from time to time (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
applicable to such SEC Report, and, at the time filed or, in the case of registration statements, at each date of effectiveness, did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, and except
to the extent that information contained in any SEC Report has been revised, amended, supplemented or superseded by a later-filed SEC
Report, none of the SEC Reports contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made or will be made, not misleading. No Subsidiary of Buyer is required to file any reports or other documents with the SEC. 

(ii) The
consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports (including, in each case, any related notes thereto): (i) complied
as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
thereto; (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be indicated in the notes to such consolidated financial statements
and except that the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports do not contain footnotes as permitted
by Form 10-Q of the Securities Exchange Act; and (iii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of Buyer as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Buyer for the periods covered
thereby, except that the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports were or are subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments, the effect of which will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material. No financial statements of any
Person other than Buyer and its Subsidiaries are required by GAAP to be included in the financial statements of Buyer. 

(iii) Buyer
maintains, and at all times since March 31, 2021 has maintained, a system of internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) sufficient to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies
and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of Buyer and its Subsidiaries; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Buyer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of Buyer and its Subsidiaries that would have a material
effect on the financial statements. Buyer s management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of Buyer s system
of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and such assessment concluded that such controls were effective and Buyer s independent registered
accountant has issued (and not subsequently withdrawn or qualified) an attestation report concluding that Buyer maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2021. Each of the principal executive officer (as defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)
of Buyer and the principal financial officer (as defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) of Buyer (or each former principal executive officer
of Buyer and each former principal financial officer of Buyer, as applicable) has made all certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14
under the Securities Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the SEC Reports, and the statements
contained in such certifications are true and correct. Since March 31, 2021, none of Buyer, the board of directors of Buyer and the audit
committee of the board of directors of Buyer has identified or received notice of any: (i) significant deficiency or material weakness
(each as defined Auditing Standard No. 5 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as in effect on the date of this Agreement)
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting utilized by Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any illegal
act or fraud, whether or not material, that involves Buyer s senior management and relates to accounting or auditing practices or
procedures; or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing. Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries have outstanding,
or have arranged any outstanding, extensions of credit to directors or executive officers within the meaning of Section 402
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

19 

(iv) Buyer
maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act) that are designed
to ensure that all information required to be disclosed in Buyer s reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that all such
information is accumulated and communicated to Buyer s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
and to enable each of the principal executive officer of Buyer and the principal financial officer of Buyer to make the certifications
required under the Securities Exchange Act with respect to such reports. Buyer is in compliance in all material respects with all current
listing and corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Global Market applicable to it. 

(v) Neither
Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or has any obligation or other commitment to become a party to any joint venture, securitization
transaction, off-balance sheet partnership or any similar contract (including any contract relating to any transaction or relationship
between or among Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity, on the other hand, or any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)
of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act)) where the result, purpose or intended effect of such contract is to avoid disclosure
of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries in Buyer s or any of its Subsidiaries 
published financial statements, the SEC Reports or any other document furnished or filed with the SEC. 

(l) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof: (i) there has been no event,
occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect to Buyer, (ii) Buyer
has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in Buyer s financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the SEC, (iii) Buyer has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) Buyer
has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any
agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) Buyer has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
or Affiliate other than in the Ordinary Course of Business. Buyer does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Common Stock contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to Buyer or its subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by Buyer
under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least
two (2) trading days prior to the date that this representation is made. 

(m) Non-Public
Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
Buyer covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Seller or its agents or counsel
with any information that Buyer believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Seller shall have entered
into a written agreement with Buyer regarding the confidentiality and use of such information; provided, however, that this Section 3.2(m)
shall not apply to information provided to any Seller in such Seller s capacity as an employee of, or consultant to, Buyer or any
of its Subsidiaries in the course of such Seller s employment or consultancy. Buyer understands and confirms that each
Seller shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of Buyer. 

20 

Section 4. Representations
and Warranties Concerning Target . Each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained
in this Section 4 are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, except as set forth in the disclosure
schedules delivered by Sellers to Buyer on the date hereof and incorporated by this reference herein (the Disclosure Schedules ). 

4.1 Organization,
Qualification, and Organizational Power . Target is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Target is duly authorized to conduct business and is in good standing (with respect
to jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good standing) under the laws of each jurisdiction where such qualification is required,
except where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Target has full corporate power and authority and all licenses, permits, and authorizations necessary to carry on the businesses in which
it is engaged and in which it presently proposes to engage and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. Section 4.1 of
the Disclosure Schedule lists the managers, directors and officers of Target. The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct
and complete copies of the charter and operating agreement for Target (as amended to date). To the Knowledge of Sellers, the minute books
(containing the records of meetings of the Managers and Members, and any committees), the equity certificate books, and the equity record
books for Target are correct and complete. Target is not in default under or in violation of any provision of its governing documents. 

4.2 Capitalization .
The entire authorized equity of Target consists of 1,016,667 Units, of which 1,016,667 Units are issued and outstanding and no Units are
held in treasury. All of the issued and outstanding Equity have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable,
and are held of record by Sellers. There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion
rights, exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require Target to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding
any of its equity. There are no outstanding or authorized appreciation, phantom, profit participation, or similar rights with respect
to Target. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of the equity of Target. 

4.3 Non-contravention .
Except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation
of the Transactions, will (a) violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge,
or other restriction of any government, governmental agency, or court to which Target is subject or any provision of the charter or bylaws
of Target or (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party
the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument,
or other arrangement to which Target is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets is subject (or result in the imposition
of any Lien upon any of its assets). Target does not need to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent,
or approval of any government or governmental agency in order for the Parties to consummate the Transactions. 

4.4 Brokers 
Fees . Target has no Liability to pay any fees or commissions to any Broker, finder, or agent with respect to the Transactions. 

4.5 Title
to Assets . Target has good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, the properties and material assets (or in the
case of agreements of the Target, good title to all such agreements) used by it, located on its premises, or shown on the Most Recent
Balance Sheet or acquired after the date thereof, free and clear of all Liens, except for properties and assets disposed of in the Ordinary
Course of Business since the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet. 

21 

4.6 No
Subsidiaries, Voting Trust or Phantom Equity . Target has no Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding appreciation, phantom, profit participation,
preemptive or similar rights with respect to Target. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect
to the voting of any equity of Target. Target does not control directly or indirectly or have any direct or indirect equity participation
in any corporation, partnership, trust, or other business association. Target does not own or have any right to acquire, directly or indirectly,
any outstanding capital stock of, or other equity interests in, any Person. 

4.7 Financial
Statements . Complete copies of the following Target financial statements have been provided to Buyer (collectively the Financial
Statements ): (i) unaudited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members equity, and cash flow as
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019; (ii) audited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members 
equity, and cash flow as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (the Most Recent Fiscal Year End );
and (iii) unaudited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members equity, and cash flow (the Most
Recent Financial Statements as of and for the month ended September 30, 2021 (the Most Recent Fiscal Month
End for Target. The Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) were prepared in good faith based on the books and
records of Target. The Financial Statements present fairly the financial condition of Target as of such dates and the results of operations
of Target for such periods, are correct and complete in all material respects, and in all material respects are consistent with the books
and records of Target (which books and records are correct and complete in all material respects) except, in case of the Most Recent Financial
Statements, subject to normal year-end adjustment. 

4.8 Events
Subsequent to Most Recent Month End . Except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Schedule, since the Most Recent Fiscal Month
End, there has not been any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Target or Target s business or operations. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, since that date, except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(a) Target
has not sold, leased, transferred, or assigned any of its material assets, tangible or intangible, other than for a fair consideration
in the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(b) Target
has not entered into any material agreement, contract, lease, or license (or series of related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses)
either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(c) no
party (including Target) has accelerated, terminated, modified, or cancelled any material agreement, contract, lease, or license (or series
of related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses) to which Target is a party or by which it is bound; 

(d) Target
has not imposed any Liens upon any of its assets, tangible or intangible; 

22 

(e) Target
has not made any capital expenditure (or series of related capital expenditures) either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(f) Target
has not made any capital investment in, any loan to, or any acquisition of the securities or assets of, any other Person (or series of
related capital investments, loans, and acquisitions) either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(g) Target
has not issued any note, bond, or other debt security or created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed money
or capitalized lease obligation either involving more than 25,000 singly or 50,000 in the aggregate; 

(h) Target
has not delayed or postponed the payment of accounts payable and other Liabilities outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(i) Target
has not cancelled, compromised, waived, or released any right or claim (or series of related rights and claims) either involving more
than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(j) Target
has not transferred, assigned, or granted any license or sublicense of any material rights under or with respect to any Intellectual Property
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(k) there
has been no change made or authorized in the governing documents of Target; 

(l) Target
has not issued, sold, or otherwise disposed of any of its equity, or granted any options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or obtain
(including upon conversion, exchange, or exercise) any of its equity; 

(m) Target
has not declared, set aside, or paid any dividend or made any distribution with respect to its equity (whether in cash or in kind) or
redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired any of its equity (other than tax distributions to Sellers made in the Ordinary
Course of Business); 

(n) Target
has not experienced any material damage, destruction, or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to its property; 

(o) Target
has not made any loan to, or entered into any other transaction with, any of its directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(p) Target
has not entered into or terminated any employment contract or any collective bargaining agreement, written or oral, or materially modified
the terms of any existing such contract or agreement outside the Ordinary Course of Business or become bound by any collective bargaining
relationship; 

(q) Target
has not granted any increase in the base compensation of any of its directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary Course of
Business; 

23 

(r) Target
has not adopted, materially amended, materially modified, or terminated any bonus, profit sharing, incentive, severance, or other plan,
contract, or commitment for the benefit of any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees (or taken any such action with respect
to any other Employee Benefit Plan); 

(s) Target
has not made any other material change in employment terms for any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(t) Target
has not implemented any employee layoffs that could implicate the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended,
or any similar state, local, or non-U.S. law, regulation, or ordinance (collectively the WARN Act in each case,
without complying therewith; 

(u) Target
has not made or pledged to make any charitable or other capital contribution outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(v) Other
than the transfer of certain assets of Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC to Target on or prior to the Closing Date, there
has not been any other material occurrence, event, incident, action, failure to act, or transaction outside the Ordinary Course of Business
involving Target; 

(w) Target
has not discharged a material Liability or Lien outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(x) Target
has not made (A) any loans in any amount or (B) any advances of money other than advances to employees of less than 10,000 in the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(y) Target
has not disclosed any material Confidential Information to any party except pursuant to a valid confidentiality agreement or to Target s
members, directors, officers, employees, auditors, attorneys, representatives or agents, in each case who have legitimate need
to know and 

(z) Target
has not committed to do any of the foregoing except as expressly required by this Agreement. 

4.9 Undisclosed
Liabilities . Except as set forth in Section 4.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has no material Liability (and to the Knowledge
of Sellers there is no Basis for any present or future action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or
demand against any of them giving rise to any material Liability), except for (a) Liabilities reflected, reserved against or otherwise
disclosed in the Most Recent Balance Sheet, (b) Liabilities that have arisen after the Most Recent Fiscal Month End in the Ordinary
Course of Business (none of which results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach of contract,
breach of warranty, tort, infringement, or violation of law), (c) Liabilities arising in connection with the Transactions, (d) Liabilities
to be included in the computation of Transaction Expenses or Indebtedness as of the Closing, and (e) Liabilities to be included in the
computation of Closing Working Capital. 

24 

4.10 Legal
Compliance . Since January 1, 2018, except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has complied in all material
respects with all applicable laws (including rules, regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and charges
thereunder and including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 15 U.S.C. 78dd-1 et seq.) of federal, state, local, and non-U.S. governments
and all agencies thereof. Since January 1, 2016, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice has
been filed or commenced or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against any of them alleging any failure so to comply. 

4.11 Tax
Matters . 

(a) Target
has timely filed all Tax Returns that it was required to file under applicable laws and regulations. All such Tax Returns were correct
and complete in all material respects. All Taxes due and owing by Target (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid.
Except as set forth in Section 4.11 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target currently is not the beneficiary of any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Return. No written claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where Target does not file Tax Returns
that Target is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable)
upon any of the stock or assets of Target. 

(b) Target
has withheld and paid all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third party, and all Tax forms, including IRS Forms W-2 and 1099 required with
respect thereto have been properly completed and timely filed. 

(c) No
federal, state, local, or non-U.S. tax audits or administrative or judicial Tax proceedings are pending or being conducted with respect
to Target. Target has not during the past three years received from any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. taxing authority (including
jurisdictions where Target has not filed Tax Returns) any written notice of deficiency or proposed adjustment for any amount of Tax proposed,
asserted, or assessed by any taxing authority against Target. Section 4.11(c) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all federal, state,
local, and non-U.S. income Tax Returns that have been audited and indicates those Tax Returns that currently are the subject of audit.
No Seller or director or officer has been contacted in writing regarding the potential examination of Tax Returns or the assessment of
any additional Taxes. Sellers have delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of all federal income Tax Returns, examination reports,
and statements of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by Target filed or received since January 1, 2018. 

(d) Target
has not waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency,
which waiver or extension remains in effect. 

(e) Target
has not been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)(2) during the applicable
period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). Target is not a party to or bound by any Tax allocation or sharing agreement.
Target (A) has not been a member of an Affiliated Group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common
parent of which was Target) or (B) has any liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than Target) under Reg. Section 1.1502-6
(or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise. Target has not participated
in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Code Section 6111 or 6662. 

25 

(f) Target
will not be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or
portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of any: 

(i) change
in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(ii) closing
agreement as described in Code Section 7121 (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. income
Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(iii) intercompany
transaction or excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations under Code Section 1502 (or any corresponding or similar provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. income Tax law); 

(iv) installment
sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(v) prepaid
amount received on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(vi) election
under Code Section 108(i); or 

(vii) use
of an improper method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(g) Target
has not distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was purported or
intended to be governed in whole or in part by Code Section 355 or Code Section 361. 

(h) Target
is not and has not been a party to any reportable transaction, as defined in Code Section 6707A(c)(1) and Reg. Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(i) Except
as set forth in Section 4.11(i) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has not received any private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (or any comparable ruling from any other taxing authority). 

(j) Target
is not party to any Tax allocation or Tax sharing agreement, is not bound by any such agreement, and is not required to make any payment
pursuant to any such agreement. 

(k) Target
does not have a permanent establishment (within the meaning of an applicable Tax treaty) or otherwise have an office or fixed place of
business in a country other than the country in which it is organized. 

26 

(l) Target
is not a party to any agreement, contract, arrangement, or plan that has resulted or would result, separately or in the aggregate, in
the payment of any excess parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G (or any corresponding provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. Tax Law) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(m) Target
has not received any benefits (including any loans) under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. 

(n) Target
has never been an S corporation within the meaning of Code Section 1361 or a qualified subchapter S subsidiary within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1361-2. 

(o) Target
has collected and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authorities all Taxes payable with respect to services provided, or tangible
personal property transferred, to its customers. 

(p) Target
has timely, accurately, and completely filed (i) all FinCEN Forms 114 (or predecessor forms) that it was required to file and (ii) all
other federal, state local, or foreign information returns that it was required to file (or provide to any other Person). 

(q) Except
as indicated at Section 4.11(q) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has correctly classified each individual who has provided services
to the Company as an employee or independent contractor for Tax purposes. 

(r) To
the extent applicable under and consistent with Target s usual method of accounting, Target s unpaid Taxes (i) did not, as
of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (rather than any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect
timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the most recent balance sheet (rather than in any notes thereto)
and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and
practice of Target in filing its Tax Returns. 

4.12 Real
Property . 

(a) Section 4.12
of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all real property owned or leased by the Company or otherwise occupied
by the Company and lists each lease (the Company Real Properties ). 

(b) All
leases of Company Real Property under which the Company, as lessee, leases any material Company Real Property (each, a Lease ),
are valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, and the Company has a valid leasehold
interests to all material Company Real Property leased by it, there is not under any such Lease any material existing default by the Company
or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, any other party thereto, or any event which with notice or lapse of time would constitute such a material
default, and all rent and other sums and charges due and payable under such lease have been paid. 

27 

(c) There
are no Persons in possession of any portion of any of the Company Real Property owned or leased by the Company other than the Company,
and no Person other than the Company has the right to use or occupy for any purpose any portion of any of the Company Real Property owned
or leased by the Company, except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, impair in any material respect the Company s
use of such Company Real Property. 

(d) The
Transactions do not require the consent of any other party to such Lease which has not been delivered to Buyer, will not result in a breach
of or default under such Lease, and will not otherwise cause such lease to cease to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full
force and effect on identical terms following the Closing. 

(e) Target s
possession and quiet enjoyment of the Company Real Property under such Lease has not been disturbed and there are no material disputes
with respect to such Lease. 

(f) Target
has not subleased, licensed or otherwise granted any Person the right to use or occupy the Company Real Property or any portion thereof. 

(g) There
are no Liens on the Company Real Property. 

4.13 Intellectual
Property . 

(a) At
Closing, Target will own and possess or have the right to access and use pursuant to a valid and enforceable written license, sublicense,
agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission all Intellectual Property necessary or desirable for the operation of the business of Target
as presently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each material item of Intellectual Property owned, accessed, or used
by Target immediately prior to the Closing will be owned or available for access and use by Target on identical terms and conditions immediately
subsequent to the Closing. Target has taken all commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect each item of Intellectual Property
that it currently owns or uses. 

(b) Except
as set forth in Section 4.13(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target is not interfering with, infringing upon, diluting, misappropriating,
or otherwise coming into conflict with, any Intellectual Property rights of third parties which would result in a Material Adverse Effect
and none of the Sellers has received any charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation,
dilution, or conflict (including any claim that Target must license or refrain from accessing or using any Intellectual Property rights
of any third party) which would have resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Sellers, no third party has interfered
with, infringed upon, diluted, misappropriated, or otherwise come into conflict with, any Intellectual Property rights of Target. 

28 

(c) Section 4.13(c)
of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all United States and foreign patents, trademarks, domain names,
registered copyrights, or any other registration that has been issued to Target with respect to any of its Intellectual Property, identifies
each pending application or registration that Target has made with respect to any of its Intellectual Property, and identifies each license,
sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or other permission that Target has granted to any third party with respect to any of its
Intellectual Property (together with any exceptions). The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of
all such patents, registrations, applications, licenses, sublicenses, agreements, covenants not to sue, and permissions (as amended to
date) and has made available to Buyer correct and complete copies of all other written documentation evidencing ownership and prosecution
(if applicable) of each such item. Section 4.13(c) of the Disclosure Schedule also identifies each material unregistered trademark,
service mark, logo, slogan, trade name, corporate name, Internet domain name, or other source identifier, computer software item (other
than commercially available off-the-shelf software purchased or licensed for less than a total cost of 5,000) and each material unregistered
copyright used by Target in connection with its business. With respect to each item of Intellectual Property required to be identified
in Section 4.13(c) of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(i) Target
owns and possesses all right, title, and interest in and to the item, free and clear of any Lien, license, or other restriction or limitation
regarding access, use, or disclosure except for such as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) the
item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge; and 

(iii) no
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or demand is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers is threatened
that challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, access, use, or ownership of the item, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, there
are no grounds for the same; 

(d) Section 4.13(d)
of the Disclosure Schedule identifies each item of Intellectual Property that is a motion picture or episode of a television series that
any third party owns that is material to Target and that Target accesses or uses pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement, covenant
not to sue, or permission. The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of all such licenses, sublicenses,
agreements, covenants not to sue, and permissions (each as amended to date). With respect to each item of Intellectual Property identified
in Section 4.13(d) of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(i) the
license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission covering the item is legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full
force and effect; 

(ii) the
license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission will continue to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full
force and effect on identical terms following consummation of the Transactions; 

(iii) no
party to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission is in material breach or default, and to the Knowledge
of any of Seller, no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time would constitute a material breach or default or permit termination,
modification, or acceleration thereunder; 

(iv) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, no party to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission has repudiated any provision
thereof; 

29 

(v) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, with respect to each sublicense, the representations and warranties set forth in Subsections 4.13(a) through
4.13(d) above are true and correct with respect to the underlying license; 

(vi) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, the underlying item of Intellectual Property is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order,
decree, ruling, or charge; 

(vii) except
as set forth in Section 4.13(d)(vii) of the Disclosure Schedule, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint,
claim, or demand is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, is threatened that challenges the legality, validity, or enforceability of
the underlying item of Intellectual Property, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no grounds for the same; and 

(viii) except
as set forth in Section 4.13(d)(viii) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has not granted any sublicense or similar right with respect
to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission. 

(e) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, Target has taken all commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect all of the Intellectual Property
of Target. To the Knowledge of Sellers, the owners of any of the Intellectual Property licensed to, or used by, Target have taken all
commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect the Intellectual Property. 

(f) Sellers
and Target have complied with, and are presently in compliance with, all federal, state, local, and non-U.S. governmental (including,
but not limited to, the Federal Trade Commission and State Attorneys General), administrative, or regulatory laws, regulations, guidelines,
and rules applicable to any Intellectual Property or to personal information, except for such failure to comply as would not result in
a Material Adverse Effect. 

(g) Each
current and former employee, consultant, director, officer and independent contractor of the Target who has created any portion of, or
otherwise who would have any rights in or to, the Intellectual Property owned by Target, has entered into a valid and enforceable written
agreement assigning to the Target all Intellectual Property created by such Person in the course of such Person s employment by
or engagement with the Target. To the Knowledge of Sellers, no current or former employee, consultant, or independent contractor of the
Target is in violation of such agreement. 

(h) Target
has not disclosed or delivered to any escrow agent or any other Person any of the source code relating to any Intellectual Property of
Target, and no other Person has the right, contingent or otherwise, to obtain access to or use any such source code. 

(i) The
Intellectual Property of Target does not contain any computer code designed to disrupt, disable or harm in any manner the operation of
any software or hardware. The Intellectual Property of Target contains no unauthorized feature (including any worm, bomb, backdoor, clock,
timer or other disabling device, code, design or routine) that causes the software or any portion thereof to be erased, inoperable or
otherwise incapable of being used, either automatically, with the passage of time or upon command by any party. 

30 

(j) Except
as set forth on Section 4.13(j) of the Disclosure Schedule, all Publicly Available Software used by Target has been used in its entirety
and without modification. No Intellectual Property of Target is subject to any license terms that (i) require, or condition the use or
distribution of any Intellectual Property of Target on the disclosure, licensing or distribution of any source code for any portion of
such Intellectual Property or (ii) otherwise impose any limitation, restriction or condition on the right or ability of Target to use
or distribute any Intellectual Property of Target. Publicly Available Software means each of (i) any software that
contains, or is derived in any manner (in whole or in part) from, any software that is distributed as free software, open source software,
or pursuant to similar licensing and distribution models; and (ii) any software that requires as a condition of use, modification, and/or
distribution of such software that such software or other software incorporated into, derived from, or distributed with such software
(a) be disclosed or distributed in source code form; (b) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) be redistributable
at no or minimal charge. 

(k) Target
has not transferred ownership of, or granted any license with respect to, any Intellectual Property of Target to any Person. 

4.14 Tangible
Assets . Target owns or leases all buildings, machinery, equipment, and other material tangible assets necessary for the conduct of
their business as presently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each such material tangible asset is free from defects
(patent and latent), has been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice, is in good operating condition and repair (subject
to normal wear and tear), and is suitable for the purposes for which it presently is used and presently is proposed to be used. 

4.15 Contracts .
Section 4.15 of the Disclosure Schedule lists the following contracts and other agreements to which Target is a party (collectively,
the Material Contracts ): 

(a) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) for the lease of personal property to or from any Person providing for lease payments in excess
of 50,000 per annum; 

(b) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) for the purchase or sale of products, or other personal property, or for the furnishing or
receipt of services, the performance of which will involve consideration in excess of 50,000; 

(c) any
partnership or joint venture agreement; 

(d) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) under which it has created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed
money, or any capitalized lease obligation, in excess of 25,000 or under which it has imposed a Lien on any of its assets, tangible or
intangible; 

(e) any
agreement concerning non-competition not otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule; 

(f) any
agreement with any Seller or his or her Affiliates (other than Target); 

31 

(g) any
profit sharing, option, purchase, appreciation, deferred compensation, severance, or other material plan or arrangement for the benefit
of its current or former managers, directors, officers, and employees; 

(h) any
collective bargaining agreement; 

(i) any
agreement for the employment of any individual on a full-time, part-time, consulting, or other basis providing for annual compensation
in excess of 100,000 or providing severance benefits in excess of 10,000 or contracts providing for any payments on the change of control
or ownership of the Target, its Affiliates, or any employer of any employee which could reasonably be expected to trigger IRS Code Section
280G, or providing for deferred compensation. 

(j) any
agreement under which it has advanced or loaned any amount to any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees; 

(k) any
agreement under which the consequences of a default or termination could have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) any
settlement, conciliation or similar agreement with any Governmental Authority or which will require satisfaction of any obligations after
the date of this Agreement; 

(m) any
agreement under which Target has advanced or loaned any other Person amounts in the aggregate exceeding 25,000; or 

(n) any
other written agreement (or group of related written agreements) the performance of which involves consideration in excess of 100,000. 

The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer
a correct and complete copy of each Material Contract. With respect to each such Material Contract: (A) the agreement is legal, valid,
binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the agreement will continue to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and
in full force and effect on identical terms following the consummation of the Transactions; (C) except as set forth in Section 4.15
of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, the other party is not in material breach or default,
and no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time would constitute a material breach or default, or permit termination, modification
or acceleration under the agreement; and (D) to the Knowledge of Sellers, no party has repudiated any provision of the agreement.
Target is not a party to any material oral agreement. 

4.16 Accounts
Receivable . All accounts receivable of Target are reflected properly on its books and records, are valid receivables subject to no
setoffs or counterclaims, are current and collectible in full within ninety (90) days after billing, subject only to the reserve for bad
debts set forth on the face of the Most Recent Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) as adjusted for the passage of time through
the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and practice of Target. 

4.17 Powers
of Attorney . To the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no outstanding powers of attorney executed by or on behalf of Target. 

32 

4.18 Insurance .
Section 4.18 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each material insurance policy (including
policies providing property, casualty, liability, and workers compensation coverage and bond and surety arrangements) to which
Target has been a party, a named insured, or otherwise the beneficiary of coverage at any time within the past 3 years: 

(a) the
name of the insurer, the name of the policyholder, and the name of each covered insured; 

(b) the
policy number and the period of coverage; and 

(c) a
description of any retroactive premium adjustments or other loss-sharing arrangements. 

With respect to each such insurance policy: (A) the
policy is legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the policy will continue to be legal, valid, binding,
enforceable, and in full force and effect on identical terms following the consummation of the Transactions; (C) neither Target nor, to
the Knowledge of Sellers, any other party to the policy is in material breach or default (including with respect to the payment of premiums
or the giving of notices), and no event has occurred that, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a material breach or
default, or permit termination, modification, or acceleration, under the policy; and (D) to the Knowledge of Sellers, no party to
the policy has repudiated any provision thereof. Target has been covered during the past three (3) years by insurance in scope and
amount customary and reasonable for the businesses in which it has been engaged during the aforementioned period. Section 4.18 of
the Disclosure Schedule describes any material self-insurance arrangements affecting Target. 

4.19 Litigation .
Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each instance in which Target (a) is subject to any outstanding injunction,
judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge or (b) is a party or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, is threatened to be made a party to
any action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation of, in, or before (or that could come before) any court or quasi-judicial or administrative
agency of any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. jurisdiction or before (or that could come before) any arbitrator, which if adversely
determined, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no action pending, or to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against
Target that (x) challenges or seeks to enjoin, alter or materially delay the Transactions or (y) would reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.20 Employees . 

(a) With
respect to the business of Target: 

(i) there
is no collective bargaining agreement or relationship with any labor organization; 

(ii) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, no executive or manager of Target (1) has any present intention to terminate his or her employment, or (2) is
a party to any confidentiality, non-competition, proprietary rights or other such agreement between such employee and any Person besides
such entity that would be material to the performance of such employee s employment duties, or the ability of such entity or Buyer
to conduct the business of such entity; 

33 

(iii) no
labor organization or group of employees has filed any representation petition or made any written or oral demand for recognition; 

(iv) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, no union organizing or decertification efforts are underway or threatened and no other question concerning representation
exists; 

(v) no
labor strike, work stoppage, slowdown, or other material labor dispute has occurred, and none is underway or, to the Knowledge of Sellers,
threatened; 

(vi) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, there is no workman s compensation liability, experience or matter outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(vii) there
is no employment-related charge, filed written complaint, written grievance, investigation, inquiry or obligation of any kind, pending
or to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened in any forum, relating to an alleged violation or breach by Target (or its or their officers
or directors) of any employment-related law, regulation or contract; and, 

(viii) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, no employee or agent of Target has committed any act or omission that would give rise to material liability
for any violation or breach of the type identified in subsection (vii) above. 

(b) To
the extent permissible under applicable Law, Section 4.20 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth, for each employee, officer and individual
who is an independent contractor of Target as of the date hereof, his or her (i) name, (ii) rate of pay or annual compensation (including
actual or potential bonus payments and the terms of any commission payments or programs), (iii) title(s) (including whether full-time
or part-time), (iv) status of employment or engagement, (v) date of hire or engagement, (vi) annual vacation, sick and other paid time
off allowance, (vii) amount of accrued vacation, sick and other paid time off and the economic value thereof, (viii) description of other
fringe benefits, (ix) terms of severance benefits, (x) status as independent contractor or employee, (xi) status as exempt or non-exempt,
and (xii) work visa status. Target is in material compliance with all Laws regarding classification of each individual currently or formerly
performing services for Target in the past seven (7) years as an employee or an independent contractor. Target has never leased any employees
from any other Person. 

(c) Except
as set forth in Section 4.20 of the Disclosure Schedule, (i) there are no employees of Target, (ii) there are no written employment
contracts or severance agreements with any employees of Target, and (iii) there are no written personnel policies, rules, or procedures
applicable to employees of Target. True and complete copies of all such documents have been provided to Buyer prior to the date of this
Agreement. Target has adequately reserved an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due to employees through the Closing Date pursuant to
the bonus arrangements set forth on Schedule 4.21 in the Most Recent Financial Statements. 

(d) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, no employee, officer or independent contractor of Target is in material violation of any term of any employment,
consulting, independent contractor, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, or inventions assignment agreement. Target is and
for three (3) years prior hereto has been in material compliance with all applicable Laws with respect to any aspect of the employment
or engagement of its employees, officers and independent contractors, including with respect to employment practices, terms and conditions
of employment, wage and hours, hiring practices, background checks, parental and family leave and pay, immigration, non-discrimination
in employment, workers compensation and the health and safety at work of its employees, including under the Immigration Reform and Control
Act, and there are no claims pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened by any Person in respect of employment or engagement,
any accident or injury or any unsatisfied obligations by Target. All employees and independent contractors have the legal right to perform
services for Target in accordance with local immigration, work permit and similar applicable Laws and regulations. 

34 

(e) With
respect to this Transaction, any notice required under any law or collective bargaining agreement has been or prior to the Closing Date
will be given, and all bargaining obligations with any employee representative have been or prior to the Closing Date will be satisfied.
Within the past five (5) years, Target has not implemented any plant closing or layoff of employees that could implicate the WARN Act,
and no such action will be implemented without advance notification to Buyer. 

4.21 Employee
Benefits . 

(a) Section 4.21 of
the Disclosure Schedule lists each material Employee Benefit Plan. 

(i) Each
such Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract, or fund) has been maintained, funded and administered in all material
respects in accordance with the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and the terms of any applicable collective bargaining agreement and
complies in form and in operation in all material respects with the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, and other applicable laws. 

(ii) All
material contributions (including all employer contributions and employee salary reduction contributions) that are due have been made
within the time periods prescribed by ERISA and the Code to each such Employee Benefit Plan that is an Employee Pension Benefit Plan.
All premiums or other payments due have been paid or accrued with respect to each such Employee Benefit Plan that is an Employee Welfare
Benefit Plan. 

(iii) Each
such Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to meet the requirements of a qualified plan under Code Section 401(a)
has received a determination from the Internal Revenue Service that such Employee Benefit Plan is so qualified, and which has not been
revoked, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that could adversely affect the qualified
status of any such Employee Benefit Plan. 

(iv) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, there have been no Prohibited Transactions with respect to any such Employee Benefit Plan or any Employee Benefit
Plan maintained by an ERISA Affiliate which could subject any Employee Benefit Plan or any related trust, the Target or any Person that
the Target has an obligation to indemnify, to any material tax or penalty under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA. No Fiduciary
has any Liability for breach of fiduciary duty or any other failure to act or comply in connection with the administration or investment
of the assets of any such Employee Benefit Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any material Liability to the Target.
No action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation with respect to the administration or the investment of the assets of any such
Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened and none of Sellers
has any Knowledge of any Basis for any such action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation. 

35 

(v) The
Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of the plan documents and summary plan descriptions, and all
related trust agreements, insurance contracts, and other funding arrangements that implement each such Employee Benefit Plan in each case,
as applicable. 

(vi) Neither
Target nor any ERISA Affiliate contributes to, has any obligation to contribute to, or has any Liability under or with respect to any
Employee Pension Benefit Plan that is a defined benefit plan (as defined in ERISA Section 3(35)). No asset of any Employee
Benefit Plan is subject to any Lien under ERISA or the Code. 

(vii) Neither
Target nor any ERISA Affiliate contributes to, has any obligation to contribute to, or has any Liability (including withdrawal liability
as defined in ERISA Section 4201) under or with respect to any Multiemployer Plan. 

(b) Except
as set forth in Section 4.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target does not maintain, contribute to or have an obligation to contribute to,
or have any Liability with respect to, any Employee Welfare Benefit Plan or other arrangement providing health or life insurance or other
welfare-type benefits for current or future retired or terminated directors, officers or employees (or any spouse or other dependent thereof)
of Target or of any other Person other than in accordance with COBRA. 

(c) The
consummation of the Transactions will not accelerate the time of the payment or vesting of, or increase the amount of, or result in the
forfeiture of compensation or benefits under, any Employee Benefit Plan. 

(d) Each
Employee Benefit Plan that is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan subject to Code Section 409A complies with
the requirements of Code Section 409A and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued thereunder. Target has no actual or potential
obligation to reimburse or otherwise gross-up any Person for the interest or additional tax set forth under Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B). 

4.22 Guarantees .
Target is not a guarantor or is not otherwise liable for any Liability (including indebtedness) of any other Person. 

4.23 Environmental
Laws . 

(a) The
Company and, to the Knowledge of Sellers, the Company Real Properties are in compliance in all material respects with applicable Environmental
Laws. The Company has not received any written notice, demand, request for information, citation, summons, complaint or order, writ, judgment,
injunction, subpoena indictment, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any federal, state, local or foreign governmental
or regulatory authority, agency or commission, court or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity, including any self-regulatory
organization, that remains outstanding alleging material liability against it or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, the Company Real Properties
under any Environmental Laws. To the Knowledge of Sellers, none of the Company Real Properties has been used for the disposal of hazardous
or toxic waste, petroleum product, polychlorinated biphenyl, asbestos or asbestos containing material, chemical, pollutant, contaminant,
pesticide, radioactive substance, or other hazardous or toxic substance regulated under any Environmental Laws in material violation of
applicable Environmental Laws. 

36 

(b) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, none of the Company Real Properties has had any material emissions or discharges by the Company or, to the Knowledge
of Sellers, any other Person for whom the Company is legally liable, of any hazardous or toxic waste, petroleum product, polychlorinated
biphenyl, asbestos or asbestos containing material, chemical, pollutant, contaminant, pesticide, radioactive substance, or other hazardous
or toxic substance regulated under any Environmental Laws in violation of applicable Environmental Laws. 

(c) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no material liabilities affecting the Company under Environmental Laws. 

4.24 Certain
Business Relationships with Target . Except as set forth in Section 4.24 of the Disclosure Schedule, none of Sellers, their Affiliates,
or Target s members, managers, or officers has been involved in any material business arrangement or relationship with Target within
the past 12 months (other than as employees, directors and members of Target), and none of Sellers, their Affiliates, and Target s
members, managers, or officers owns any material asset, tangible or intangible, that is used in the business of Target (other than such
assets as will be transferred from Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC concurrently with the Transactions). 

4.25 No
Other Representations and Warranties . Except for the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.1 and 4 (including the
related portions of the Disclosure Schedule) or the representations and warranties contained in any certificate delivered by the Seller
Representative, none of Sellers, the Company, or any other Person has made or makes any other express or implied representation or warranty,
either written or oral, on behalf of Sellers or the Company, including any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness
of any information regarding the Company furnished or made available to Buyer and its representatives or as to the future revenue, profitability
or success of the Company, or any representation or warranty arising from statute or otherwise in Law. 

Section 5. Additional
Covenants and Agreements . 

5.1 General .
From the Effective Date through the Closing (such period, the Pre-Closing Period ), and with a view towards consummation
of the Transactions and a smooth transition of managerial and supervisory functions following the Closing, Sellers agree to: (a) discuss
with Buyer any material operational decisions relating to the Business; (b) allow Buyer and its representatives reasonable access to the
Business, management and books and records of Target and the Business at reasonable times upon reasonable prior notice; (c) continue to
maintain books and records of the Business consistent with past practice; and (d) provide access to the books and records of the Business
as deemed necessary by Buyer. 

37 

5.2 Continuing
Business . For a period of two years from and after the Closing Date, no Seller shall take any action that is designed or intended
to have the effect of discouraging any lessor, licensor, customer, supplier, or other business associate of Target from maintaining the
same business relationships with Target after the Closing as it maintained with Target prior to the Closing. During such period Sellers
will refer all customer inquiries relating to the business of Target to Target or Buyer from and after the Closing. 

5.3 Confidentiality .
From and after the Closing, each Seller shall, and shall cause his or her Affiliates or any of their respective representatives to, hold,
and shall use their reasonable efforts to cause their respective representatives to hold, in confidence any and all information, whether
written or oral, concerning the Business, except to the extent that such Seller can show that such information: (a) is generally available
to and known by the public through no fault of such Seller, any of his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives; (b) known
by such Seller, his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives prior to the disclosure of such information; (c) is lawfully
acquired by such Seller, any of his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives from and after the Closing from sources which
are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation; (d) independently developed by such
Seller, his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives; or (e) legally required to be disclosed by such Seller, his or her
Affiliates or their respective representatives. If a Seller or any of his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives are compelled
to disclose any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, such party shall promptly notify all
other Parties hereto in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information which such party is advised by its counsel in
writing is legally required to be disclosed, provided that such party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an appropriate
protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information. 

5.4 Covenant
Not to Compete . For a period of three years from and after the Closing Date, Sellers shall not engage directly or indirectly in any
business that is competitive with the Business in North America, other than as employees of Buyer or Target; provided, however, that no
owner of less than 5 of the outstanding stock of any publicly traded corporation shall be deemed to engage solely by reason thereof in
its business. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Section 5.4
is invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the
power to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid
or unenforceable term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention
of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the
time within which the judgment may be appealed. 

38 

5.5 Operation
of the Business . Except as provided otherwise herein, during the Pre-Closing Period, or if applicable, prior to the termination of
this Agreement, as provided herein, Seller shall at a minimum: 

(a) conduct
the Business in a manner substantially consistent with ordinary past practice; 

(b) not
create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien of any kind upon the Equity; 

(c) not
amend or modify any Material Contract without the prior written consent of Buyer; 

(d) not
sell lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material assets of the Business; 

(e) not
enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing; 

(f) not
make or change any Tax election related to the Company without the prior written consent of Buyer; 

(g) not
amend any Tax Return of the Company without the prior written consent of Buyer; and 

(h) not
take any action that could reasonably be foreseen to diminish the value of the Business, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Business
or have a Material Adverse Effect on the consummation of the Transactions. 

5.6 Employee Matters .
Sellers shall be solely responsible and Buyer shall have no responsibility whatsoever for any compensation, claims, liability or amounts
payable or expenses arising before the Closing with respect to payments to any current or former employees, contractors or consultants
of Target with respect to such employees, contractors or consultants accrued and unused vacation, and Target shall pay all such amounts
at or prior to Closing. 

5.7 Third-Party
Consents . Closing of the Transactions shall be subject to the Parties obtaining all required consents from third parties (each, a
 Third-Party Consent ), each as set forth on Section 5.7 of the Disclosure Schedule, and each Party shall comply with
all commercially reasonable requests of the other Parties, which are necessary to obtain such third-party consents. The fees and expenses
associated with obtaining the Third-Party Consents identified on Section 5.7 of the Disclosure Schedule shall be borne by Sellers. 

5.8 Commercially
Reasonable Efforts . Each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do,
or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate
and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Transactions, including, but not limited to, the obtaining of any
regulatory approvals, the obtaining of Third-Party Consents, and the satisfaction of all conditions precedent to Closing. 

39 

5.9 Notice
of Certain Events . 

(a) During
the Pre-Closing Period, the Seller Representative shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of: 

(i) any
fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, any
representation or warranty made by a Seller or Target hereunder not being true and correct; 

(ii) any
notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the Transactions; 

(iii) any
notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions; or 

(iv) any
Legal Proceeding commenced or, to Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Business
that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the consummation of
the Transactions. 

(b) Buyer s
receipt of information pursuant to Section 5.9(a) shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement
given or made by Sellers in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules. Sellers shall have
the right prior to Closing to supplement, modify or amend the Disclosure Schedules with respect to any matter arising or discovered after
the date hereof which if existing or known at such time would have been required to be set forth or described in the Disclosure Schedules
and also with respect to events or conditions arising after the date hereof and prior to Closing. Any such supplemented, modified or amended
Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to have cured any breach of any term or condition of this Agreement; provided, however, that, if,
in the absence of such supplementation, modification or amendment, Buyer shall have had the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to Section 9, then Buyer shall have the right to so terminate this Agreement on or prior to the Closing, and any such termination by Buyer
shall be Buyer s sole and exclusive remedy associated with any breach by Sellers that shall have been cured by such supplementation,
modification or amendment. 

(c) During
the Pre-Closing Period, Buyer shall promptly notify the Seller Representative in writing of: 

(i) any
fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, any
representation or warranty made by Buyer hereunder not being true and correct; 

(ii) any
notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the Transactions; 

40 

(iii) any
notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions; or 

(iv) any
Legal Proceeding commenced or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting Buyer or
its business, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the consummation
of the Transactions. 

(d) The
Seller Representative s receipt of information pursuant to Section 5.9(c) shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any
representation, warranty or agreement given or made by Buyer in this Agreement. 

5.10 Further
Assurances . Sellers, from time to time after the Closing, at Buyer s reasonable request to the Seller Representative, shall
execute, acknowledge and deliver to Buyer such other instruments of conveyance and transfer, and will take such other actions and execute
and deliver such other documents, certifications and further assurances as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof
and give effect to Buyer s acquisition of the Equity and the consummation of the Transactions. 

5.11 Exclusivity .
During the Pre-Closing Period, Sellers shall refrain from, and shall ensure that each of the Target s respective members, managers,
officers, employees, investment bankers, accountants and other representatives and agents, refrain from, directly or indirectly, without
the prior written consent of Buyer: (a) negotiating with any Person or entering into any agreement or understanding with any Person regarding
a transaction similar to the Transactions; or (b) directly or indirectly soliciting, encouraging or considering inquires or proposals
from any Person or furnish information to any other Person with respect to a transaction similar to the Transaction. The Seller Representative
shall promptly advise Buyer of the identity of any Person who submits any such proposal or other communication regarding such a proposal,
and provide Buyer with a copy of the submission. 

5.12 Publicity .
No public disclosures or announcements relating to this Agreement or the Transactions will be made without the consent of Buyer and the
Seller Representative, except as may be required by Law or by any Governmental Authority or the rules of any stock exchange or trading
system or as may be reasonably necessary to enforce any rights under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude communications or disclosures
necessary to implement the provisions of this Agreement, and each Party and its Affiliates may make such disclosures as they may consider
necessary in order to satisfy their legal or contractual obligations to their lenders, shareholders, partners, members and/or investors,
without the prior written consent of the other Parties. 

5.13 Sale
of Purchase Price Stock . Buyer shall exercise its commercially reasonable efforts (a) to prepare and file with the SEC one registration
statement covering the resale of at least sixty percent (60 of the Stock Closing Purchase Price and (b) to cause such registration statement
to be declared effective by the SEC within six (6) months of the Closing Date. With respect to all Common Stock constituting part of the
Stock Closing Purchase Price that is not included in any such registration statement declared effective by the SEC within such six-month
period Unregistered Shares ), with a view to making available to the Sellers the benefits of Rule 144 and any other
rule or regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Sellers to sell shares of Common Stock to the public without registration,
the Buyer covenants and agrees to exercise its commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) make and keep public information available, as
those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, until the earlier of (A) such date as all of the Unregistered Shares may be sold without
restriction by the holders thereof pursuant to Rule 144 or any other rule of similar effect or (B) such date as there are no longer Unregistered
Shares; (ii) file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other documents required of the Buyer under the Securities Exchange
Act; and (iii) furnish electronically to each Seller upon request, as long as such Seller owns any Unregistered Shares, (A) a written
statement by the Buyer that it has complied with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act, (B) a copy of or electronic
access to the Buyer s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q in which the Buyer has furnished its
annual or quarterly financial statements, and (C) such other information or documents, or provide assistance, as may be reasonably requested
in order to avail such Seller of any rule or regulation of the SEC that permits the selling of any such Unregistered Shares without registration;
provided, however, that the requirements of (B) above shall be satisfied to the extent that such reports are available on the SEC s
Electronic Data Gathering Analysis and Retrieval System EDGAR ). The Buyer shall cause counsel to the Buyer to render
one or more legal opinions required to be delivered in connection with Sellers sale(s) of Unregistered Shares without cost to the
Sellers. 

41 

5.14 Indemnification
of Directors, Officers and Sellers . From the Closing through the sixth (6th) anniversary of the Closing, Buyer shall, and shall cause
the Company to, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each person who was or is made a party or
threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any proceeding by reason of the fact that such person is or was at any time prior to
the Closing a director, officer or member of the Company (the Company Indemnified Parties against all Losses
reasonably incurred or suffered by such Company Indemnified Party in connection therewith, whether claimed prior to, at, or after the
Closing. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 5.14 shall include the right to be paid by each of Buyer and the
Company (including any of their successors and assigns) for the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding, in advance of
its final disposition, within thirty (30) days of receipt by Buyer or the Company from the Company Indemnified Party of a written claim
therefor. The organizational documents of the Company shall contain, and Buyer shall cause the organizational documents of the Company
to so contain, provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses, and exculpation of present and former
directors of the Company than are set forth in the organizational documents of the Company as of the date hereof. If Buyer, the Company
or any of their successors or assigns (a) consolidates with or merges with or into any other Person and shall not be the continuing
or surviving entity, partnership, or other entity of such consolidation or merger or (b) transfers or conveys all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Company assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.14. 

Section 6. Remedies for
Breaches of This Agreement . 

6.1 Survival
of Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1(a), 3.1(b)(iii), 3.1(c), 3.1(d), 4.1,
4.2, 4.4, 4.11 and 4.23 (collectively, the Fundamental Representations shall survive the Closing (even if the damaged
Party knew or had reason to know of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty at the time of Closing) and continue in full force and
effect until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. All of the representations and warranties of the Parties contained
in this Agreement (the Limited Survival Representations shall survive the Closing hereunder (even if the damaged
Party knew or had reason to know of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty at the time of Closing) and continue in full force and
effect for the period from the Closing Date through the period that is 21 months from the Closing Date; provided, however, that the indemnification
obligation set forth in Section 6.2(a)(v) shall survive the Closing for the period from the Closing Date through the period that is seven
(7) years from the Closing Date. 

6.2 Indemnification
by Sellers . 

(a) From
and after the Closing, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Section 6, David Chu, Helen Hong, Michael Hong and Kingsoon Ong
(together, the Controlling Members shall, jointly and severally, defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless
Buyer and its respective Affiliates, shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees and agents (each such Person being
referred to as a Seller Indemnified Party and collectively, the Seller Indemnified Parties ),
against and in respect of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Seller Indemnified Parties based upon, arising
out of or by reason of: 

(i) the
failure of any representation or warranty of a Seller contained in this Agreement, except for the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 4.3(b), to be true, correct and complete as of the date such representation or warranty was made and as of the Closing Date
(other than a representation or warranty which, by its express term, is made solely as of a specified date, the failure of such representation
or warranty to be true, correct and complete as of such specified date); 

42 

(ii) any
breach or non-performance of any covenant or agreement of a Seller set forth in this Agreement; 

(iii) any
Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any of the Transaction Expenses, in each case to the extent not paid at Closing; 

(iv) the
failure of any representation or warranty of Sellers contained in Section 4.3(b) (without giving effect to any disclosures applicable
thereto in the Disclosure Schedules) to be true, correct and complete as of the date such representation or warranty was made and as of
the Closing Date; or 

(v) the
matters described in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules. 

6.3 Indemnification
Provisions for Sellers Benefit . 

(a) From
and after the Closing, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Section 6, Buyer shall defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold
harmless each Seller and his or her Affiliates and their respective directors, managers, officers, equity owners, employees, agents, consultants,
attorneys and other advisors and representatives Buyer Indemnified Party ), against and in respect of any and all
Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any of Buyer Indemnified Party based upon, arising out of or by reason of: 

(i) the
failure of any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement to be true, correct and complete as of the date such representation
or warranty was made and as of the Closing Date (other than a representation or warranty which, by its express term, is made solely as
of a specified date, the failure of such representation or warranty to be true, correct and complete as of such specified date); or 

(ii) any
breach or non-performance of any covenant or agreement of Buyer set forth in this Agreement. 

6.4 Matters
Involving Third Parties . 

(a) If
any third party notifies any Seller Indemnified Party or Buyer Indemnified Party (the Indemnified Party with respect
to any matter (a Third-Party Claim that may give rise to a claim for indemnification against any other Party (the
 Indemnifying Party under this Section 6.4, then the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying Party
thereof in writing; provided , however , that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in notifying the Indemnifying
Party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party from any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the Indemnifying Party
is thereby prejudiced. 

(b) Any
Indemnifying Party will have the right to participate in the defense of the Indemnified Party against the Third-Party Claim with counsel
of his, her, or its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party so long as (i) the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified
Party in writing within thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party has given notice of the Third-Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party
will indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any Losses the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising out of, relating
to, in the nature of, or caused by the Third-Party Claim, (ii) the Indemnifying Party provides the Indemnified Party with evidence
reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party will have the financial resources to defend against the Third-Party
Claim and fulfill its indemnification obligations hereunder, (iii) the Third-Party Claim involves only money damages and does not
seek an injunction or other equitable relief, and (iv) the Indemnifying Party conducts the defense of the Third-Party Claim actively and
diligently; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to defend against such Third-Party Claim if the Indemnified
Party in good faith determines after consultation with outside counsel that the Indemnified Party may have available to it one or more
defenses or counterclaims that are inconsistent with one or more defenses or counterclaims that may be available to the Indemnifying Party
in respect of a Third-Party Claim that would make it inappropriate for the same counsel to represent both the Indemnifying Party and the
Indemnified Party. 

43 

(c) The
Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party within fifteen (15) days after having received any claim notice with respect to
whether or not it is exercising its right to defend the Indemnified Party against the Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnifying Party has
the right to and elects to assume the control of the defense of any Third-Party Claim, (i) the Indemnifying Party shall have the right
to defend such Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party (which counsel shall be subject to the approval of the
Indemnified Party, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not enter
into any settlement agreement with respect to such Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party (which
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and (iii) the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense
of any Third-Party Claim and to employ at its expense separate counsel of its choice for such purpose (in which case the counsel of the
Indemnifying Party shall reasonably cooperate with such separate counsel to facilitate such participation, including (x) promptly providing
to such separate counsel copies of all written materials received in respect of the Third-Party Claim, (y) providing such separate counsel
a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on materials being drafted and furnished in respect of such Third-Party Claim (which such
comments shall be considered in good faith) and (z) providing the opportunity to participate in all meetings (whether in person, by teleconference
or otherwise) relating to such Third-Party Claim). 

(d) If
the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party elects to defend the Indemnified Party pursuant
to Section 6.4(c) within fifteen (15) days after receipt of notice of a Third-Party Claim, or the Indemnifying Party is otherwise not
entitled to defend the Indemnified Party pursuant to Section 6.4(b), then the Indemnified Party may defend, and be reimbursed by the Indemnifying
Party for its reasonable costs and expenses in regard to, the Third-Party Claim with counsel (which may include one firm of counsel, a
single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction and, to the extent required by the subject matter, one specialist counsel for each
specialized area of law in each appropriate jurisdiction) selected by the Indemnified Party in all appropriate proceedings. In such circumstances,
the Indemnified Party may defend any such Third-Party Claim and have full control of such defense and proceedings including the settlement,
compromise or discharge thereof; provided, however, that no such Third-Party Claim shall be settled, compromised or discharged by the
Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed
or conditioned). The Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim described in this Section
6.4(d) and to employ one separate counsel of its choice for such purpose (in which case the counsel of the Indemnified Party shall reasonably
cooperate with such separate counsel to facilitate such participation, including (x) promptly providing to such separate counsel copies
of all written materials received in respect of the Third-Party Claim, (y) providing such separate counsel a reasonable opportunity to
review and comment on materials being drafted and furnished in respect of such Third-Party Claim (which such comments shall be considered
in good faith) and (z) providing the opportunity to participate in all meetings (whether in person, by teleconference or otherwise) relating
to such Third-Party Claim). The fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party. 

(e) Each
party shall cooperate, and cause its respective Affiliates to cooperate, in the defense or prosecution of any Third-Party Claim and shall
furnish or cause to be furnished such records, information and testimony, and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings,
trials or appeals, as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith; provided that no Indemnified Party, upon reasonable
advice of counsel, shall have any obligation to disclose any information the disclosure of which would reasonably be expected to result
in a violation of applicable Law or is subject to attorney-client or any other privilege, and if requested by an Indemnified Party, the
Indemnifying Party will enter into an appropriate joint defense agreement (or other privilege-preserving agreement) in connection with
obtaining access to such information. 

44 

6.5 Direct Claim
Procedures . In the event an Indemnified Party brings a claim for indemnity against an Indemnifying Party that does not involve a
Third-Party Claim (a Direct Claim ), the Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice in writing of such Direct Claim
to the Indemnifying Party. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification
obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by reason of such failure. Such notice
by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail (excluding anything subject to attorney-client or similar
privilege) with respect thereto and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably known and quantifiable and assuming the truth
of the facts asserted therein, of the Losses that have been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that (a)
the notice with respect to a Direct Claim (a Direct Claim Notice need only specify such information to the knowledge
of such Indemnified Party as of the date of such notice and (b) shall be updated and amended from time to time by the Indemnified Party
by delivering an updated or amended Direct Claim Notice. The Indemnifying Party shall have sixty (60) days after its receipt of such
notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim Notice. During such 60-day period, the Indemnified Party shall allow the Indemnifying
Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim, and whether and
to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim, and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying Party s
investigation by giving such information and assistance (including reasonable access to the Indemnified Party s, the Company s
and its Subsidiaries premises and personnel and the right to examine and copy any accounts, documents or records) as the Indemnifying
Party or any of its professional advisors may reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party may object to a claim for indemnification set
forth in a Direct Claim Notice by delivering a notice to the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification within sixty (60) days of the
delivery of the applicable Direct Claim Notice (the Direct Claim Objection Deadline ), setting forth in reasonable
detail the objections to the Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the applicable Indemnified Party that it objects by the
Direct Claim Objection Deadline or fails to object by the Direct Claim Objection Deadline, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed to
have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified
Party on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 

6.6 Other
Indemnification Provisions . Each Party hereby agrees that he, she or it will not make any claim for indemnification against any other
Party by reason of the fact that he, she or it was a director, officer, employee, or agent of any such entity or was serving at the request
of any such entity as a partner, trustee, director, officer, employee, or agent of another entity (whether such claim is for judgments,
damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid in settlement, Losses, expenses, or otherwise and whether such claim is pursuant to any
statute, charter document, bylaw, agreement, or otherwise) with respect to any action, suit, proceeding, complaint, claim, or demand brought
against such Party (whether such action, suit, proceeding, complaint, claim, or demand is pursuant to this Agreement, applicable law,
or otherwise). 

6.7 Limitations on
Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6 or elsewhere in this Agreement: 

(a) In no event shall
the Controlling Members be required to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 6.2(a)(i) unless and until the Seller Indemnified
Parties shall have incurred aggregate Losses in excess of 100,000 (the Basket resulting from otherwise indemnifiable
matters set forth in Section 6.2(a)(i), after which the Controlling Members shall be required to provide indemnification for Losses from
the first dollar. 

45 

(b) In no event shall
Buyer be required to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 6.3(a)(i) unless and until the Buyer Indemnified Parties shall have
incurred aggregate Losses in excess of the Basket resulting from otherwise indemnifiable matters set forth in Section 6.3(a)(i), after
which Buyer shall be required to provide indemnification for Losses from the first dollar. 

(c) The
aggregate amount of all Losses for which the Controlling Members shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not exceed 800,000.
The aggregate amount of all Losses for which Buyer shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.3(a)(i) shall not exceed 800,000. The limitations
set forth in this Section 6.7(c) shall not apply to Losses based upon, arising out of, or by reason of Section 6.2(a)(ii)-(v), Section
6.3(a)(ii), any inaccuracy in or breach of any Fundamental Representation, and intentional misconduct, intentional misrepresentation or
Fraud, which shall not exceed the Purchase Price. 

6.8 Materiality Scrape .
All materiality qualifications contained in the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company, Sellers and Buyer set forth
in this Agreement (however phrased) shall be ignored and not given any effect under this Section 6 for purposes of determining the amount
of Losses arising out of or relating to a breach of such representation and warranty or covenant and agreement for purposes of this Section
6. 

6.9 Exclusive
Remedy . Except for claims based on Fraud in connection with the Transactions and the other Transaction Documents, the indemnification
rights of each Indemnified Party under this Section 6 are the Parties sole and exclusive remedies with respect to any misrepresentation,
breach of warranty or failure to fulfill any agreement or covenant hereunder, except for a Party s rights to seek specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable relief. 

Section 7. Tax Matters .
The following provisions shall govern the allocation of responsibility as between Buyer and Seller for certain tax matters following the
Closing Date: 

7.1 Tax
Indemnification . The Controlling Members shall, jointly and severally, defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless each Seller
Indemnified Party against and in respect of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Seller Indemnified Party
based upon, arising out of or by reason of (i) all Taxes (or the non-payment thereof) of Target for all taxable periods ending on
or before the Closing Date and the portion through the end of the Closing Date for any taxable period that includes (but does not end
on) the Closing Pre-Closing Tax Period ), (ii) all Taxes of any member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined
or unitary group of which Target (or any predecessor of any of the foregoing) is or was a member on or prior to the Closing Date, including
pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous or similar state, local, or non-U.S. law or regulation, and (iii) any
and all Taxes of any person (other than Target) imposed on Target as a transferee or successor, by contract or pursuant to any law, rule,
or regulation, which Taxes relate to an event or transaction occurring before the Closing, except, in all the foregoing clauses (i) 
(iii), to the extent such Taxes were included in Closing Working Capital, Indebtedness or Transaction Expenses (each as finally determined). 

46 

7.2 Straddle
Period . In the case of any taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date (a Straddle Period ),
the amount of any Taxes based on or measured by income, receipts, or payroll of Target for the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be determined
based on an interim closing of the books as of the close of business on the Closing Date (and for such purpose, the taxable period of
any partnership or other pass-through entity in which Target holds a beneficial interest shall be deemed to terminate at such time) and
the amount of other Taxes of Target for a Straddle Period that relates to the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be deemed to be the amount
of such Tax for the entire taxable period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the taxable period
ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in such Straddle Period. 

7.3 Responsibility
for Filing Tax Returns . 

(a) Sellers
shall prepare or cause to be prepared and timely file or cause to be timely filed all income Tax Returns for Target that are filed after
the Closing Date for a Tax period that ends on or before the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the final IRS Form 1065
and analogous state and local Tax Returns). Sellers shall provide a draft of each such Tax Return (together with schedules, statements
and, to the extent reasonably requested by Buyer, supporting documentation) to Buyer for Buyer s review and comment at least thirty
(30) days prior to the due date, including extensions, for the filing of such Tax Return, except that if such due date is less than ninety
(90) days following the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver such draft to Buyer as soon as reasonably practicable. Each such Tax Return
shall be prepared in a manner consistent with past practice of Target, including its historic method of accounting and the timing of items
of income or deduction, except as otherwise required by this Agreement or by applicable Law. Buyer shall notify Sellers in writing of
any objection to any items in any such draft Tax Return within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Buyer of such draft Tax Return. Any
such objection(s) shall be resolved in good faith and in a manner mutually agreeable to Buyer and Sellers. Buyer shall make available
appropriate personnel and records to assist Sellers in preparing such Tax Returns. Buyer shall cause an officer of Target to sign these
returns. 

(b) Buyer
shall prepare or cause to be prepared and timely file or cause to be timely filed all Tax Returns for Target that are filed after the
Closing Date for a Tax period that ends on or before the Closing Date or any Straddle Period (other than Tax Returns described in Section
7.3(a)). To the extent any such Tax Return may serve as the basis for a claim by Buyer or its Affiliates for reimbursement or indemnification
hereunder (or reports Taxes that Seller is directly liable for under applicable Law), Buyer shall provide a draft of each such Tax Return
(together with schedules, statements and, to the extent reasonably requested by Seller, supporting documentation) to Sellers for Sellers 
review and comment at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date, including extensions, for the filing of such Tax Return, except that
if such due date is less than ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver such draft to Sellers as soon as reasonably
practicable. Sellers shall notify Buyer in writing of any objection to any items in any such draft Tax Return within fifteen (15) days
after receipt by Sellers of such draft Tax Return. Any such objection(s) shall be resolved in good faith and in a manner mutually agreeable
to Sellers and Buyer. 

47 

7.4 Cooperation
on Tax Matters . 

(a) Each
Party shall promptly advise the other Party of the commencement of any Tax audit or proceeding that could involve the Target s or
the Sellers Tax liability for any period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date. Sellers shall have the right
(but not the obligation) to represent the Target s interests in any such Tax audit or other Tax proceeding and to employ counsel
of its choice, but reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, at Sellers expense, to the extent the audit or other proceeding pertains to
Tax periods (or a portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date. In such event, Sellers shall consult with and keep Buyer informed
regarding the status of such Tax audit or other proceeding. 

(b) Buyer,
Target, and Sellers shall cooperate to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party, in connection with the filing of Tax Returns
pursuant to this Section 7 and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall include the retention
and (upon the other Party s request) the provision of records and information that are reasonably relevant to any such audit, litigation
or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional information and explanation of
any material provided hereunder. Buyer and Sellers agree (A) to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters pertinent
to Target relating to any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the statute of limitations (and, to
the extent notified by Buyer or Seller, any extensions thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and to abide by all record retention
agreements entered into with any taxing authority, and (B) to give the other Party reasonable written notice prior to transferring,
destroying or discarding any such books and records and, if the other Party so requests, Target or Sellers, as the case may be, shall
allow the other Party to take possession of such books and records. 

(c) Buyer
and Sellers further agree, upon request, to use their commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain any certificate or other document
from any Governmental Authority or any other Person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be imposed
(including, but not limited to, with respect to the Transactions). 

(d) Buyer
and Sellers further agree, upon request, to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the other Party with all information that either
Party may be required to report pursuant to Code Section 6043, or Code Section 6043A, or Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 

7.5 Tax-Sharing
Agreements . All tax-sharing agreements or similar agreements with respect to or involving Target shall be terminated as of the Closing
Date and, after the Closing Date, Target shall not be bound thereby or have any liability thereunder. 

7.6 Certain
Taxes and Fees . All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other such Taxes, and all conveyance fees, recording
charges and other fees and charges (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with consummation of the Transactions
shall be paid one-half by Sellers and one-half by Buyer when due, and Buyer will, at their own expense, file all necessary Tax Returns
and other documentation with respect to all such Taxes, fees and charges, and, if required by applicable law, Sellers will, and will cause
their Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation. 

48 

7.7 Tax
Refunds . Buyer will cause to be promptly paid to Sellers the amount of any refund of Taxes of Target for any Pre-Closing Tax Period
(or portion thereof) received by Buyer, Target or any Affiliate of Target, but only to the extent such refund was not attributable to
a carryback from, or event occurring during, a period ending after the Closing Date. 

7.8 Certain
Post-Closing Actions . Without the prior consent of the Seller Representative (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
Buyer shall not enter into any voluntary disclosure agreement or take any other action outside the Ordinary Course of Business with respect
to the matters described in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules if such action would reasonably be expected to cause any of the Sellers
to be liable for additional Taxes (or Losses with respect thereto) under this Agreement or directly pursuant to applicable Law. 

Section 8. Conditions
Precedent to Closing . 

8.1 Conditions
Precedent to the Obligations of Buyer . The obligations of Buyer to consummate the Transactions are also subject to the satisfaction
at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by Buyer in writing: 

(a) Each
representation and warranty of Sellers and Target contained in this Agreement shall, if specifically qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, be true and correct in all respects and, if not so qualified, be true and correct in all material respects, in each case
as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than those representations
and warranties made as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may
be, as of such date). 

(b) Sellers
shall have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations and agreements, and complied in all material respects
with all covenants and conditions, contained in this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date;
provided, that, with respect to obligations and agreements that are qualified by materiality, Sellers shall have performed such obligations
and agreements, as so qualified, in all respects. 

(c) Target
shall have delivered to Buyer (i) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by a duly authorized officer of Target, certifying
as to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 8.1(a) and (b), (ii) a certificate of the secretary of Target, dated as
of the Closing Date, certifying as to (A) the good standing of Target (with good standing certificates attached), (B) due authorization
of this Agreement and the Transactions by Target (with resolutions attached), (C) true and correct attached copies of the organizational
documents of Target, and (D) the names and signatures of all officers of Target having authority to execute and deliver the Transaction
Documents to which Target is a Party. 

49 

(d) There
shall not have been any material statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree proposed, enacted, promulgated, entered, issued,
enforced or deemed applicable by any foreign or United States federal, state or local Governmental Authority, and there shall be no action,
suit or proceeding pending or threatened, which: (i) makes or may make any Transaction Document or any of the Transactions illegal, or
imposes or may impose material damages or penalties in connection therewith; or (ii) otherwise prohibits or unreasonably delays, or may
prohibit or unreasonably delay the Transactions. 

(e) Sellers
shall have delivered to Buyer all of the items required to be delivered in accordance with this Agreement, including duly executed counterparts
to all documents and deliveries set forth therein. 

(f) Since
the Effective Date, nothing shall have occurred, and Buyer shall not have become aware of any circumstance, change or event having occurred
prior to such date, which individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect
on the Transactions. 

(g) Buyer
shall have completed its due diligence of the results of the audit of Target s 2020 annual financial statements, and the results
of the audit shall be satisfactory to Buyer in Buyer s sole discretion. 

(h) Target
shall have repaid or otherwise secured release of those certain tax liens identified on Exhibit F attached hereto, and the documentation
of such repayment or release shall be reasonably satisfactory to Buyer. 

(i) Target
shall have received release of those certain UCC financing statements identified on Exhibit G attached hereto, and the documentation
of such release shall be reasonably satisfactory to Buyer. 

(j) All
approvals and consents by any Governmental Authority required in connection with the consummation of the Transactions shall have been
obtained and shall be in full force and effect; all filings with any Governmental Authority, as are required in connection with the consummation
of such Transactions, shall have been made; and all waiting periods, if any, applicable to the consummation of such Transactions imposed
by any Governmental Authority shall have expired. 

(k) Sellers
shall have obtained the Third-Party Consents. 

(l) Sellers
shall have delivered to Buyer such other documents or instruments as Buyer reasonably requests and are reasonably necessary to consummate
the Transactions. 

8.2 Conditions
Precedent to the Obligations of Sellers . The obligations of Sellers to consummate the Transactions are also subject to the satisfaction
at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by the Seller Representative in writing: 

(a) Each
representation and warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement shall, if specifically qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect,
be true and correct in all respects and, if not so qualified, be true and correct in all material respects, in each case as of the date
of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than those representations and warranties
made as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may be, as of such
date). 

50 

(b) Buyer
shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations and agreements, and complied in all material respects with all covenants
and conditions, contained in this Agreement shall to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date; provided, that,
with respect to obligations and agreements that are qualified by materiality, Buyer shall have performed such obligations and agreements,
as so qualified, in all respects. 

(c) Buyer
shall have delivered to Seller a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed by a duly authorized officer of Buyer certifying as to (i)
the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 8.2(a) and (b), and (ii) the incumbency of each Person having authority to execute
and deliver this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which Buyer is party. 

(d) There
shall not have been any material statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree proposed, enacted, promulgated, entered, issued,
enforced or deemed applicable by any foreign or United States federal, state or local Governmental Authority, and there shall be no action,
suit or proceeding pending or threatened, which: (i) makes or may make any Transaction Document or any of the Transactions illegal, or
imposes or may impose material damages or penalties in connection therewith; or (ii) otherwise prohibits or unreasonably delays, or may
prohibit or unreasonably delay the Transactions. 

(e) Since
the date hereof, nothing shall have occurred, and Sellers shall not have become aware of any circumstance, change or event having occurred
prior to such date, which individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect
on the consummation of the Transactions. 

(f) Since
the date hereof, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect on Buyer, or any event, change, or effect that would, individually
or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer. 

(g) Buyer
shall have delivered to Sellers such other documents or instruments as Sellers reasonably request and are reasonably necessary to consummate
the Transactions. 

Section 9. Termination. 

9.1 This Agreement may
be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date: 

(a) By the written agreement
of Buyer and the Seller Representative (on behalf of himself, the Company and the Sellers); 

(b) By either Buyer or
the Seller Representative (on behalf of himself, the Company and the Sellers), if the Closing shall not have occurred on or before February
21, 2022 (or such other date to which Buyer and the Seller Representative may agree in writing) (the End Date );
provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available to any Party that has
failed to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements, or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by it (or the
Company or the Sellers, for the Seller Representative) prior to the Closing if such failure to perform or comply is curable; 

51 

(c) By Buyer, if Buyer
is not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement, upon a material breach of any representation or warranty of the Company
or the Sellers set forth in this Agreement, or upon a material breach of any covenant or agreement of the Sellers or the Company set
forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that if such breach is curable by the Company or the Sellers prior to the End Date through
the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, then Buyer may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(c) prior to the End
Date so long as the Company or the Sellers, as the case may be, continue to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure the breach
(and then only if such breach has not been cured); 

(d) By the Seller Representative
(on behalf of itself and the Company and the Sellers), if the Company and the Sellers are not then in material breach of any provision
of this Agreement, upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of Buyer set forth in this Agreement;
provided, however, that if such breach is curable by Buyer prior to the End Date through the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts,
then the Seller Representative may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(d) prior to the End Date so long as Buyer continues
to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure the breach (and then only if such breach has not been cured); or 

(e) By Buyer or the Seller
Representative, by written notice to the other, in the event that: 

(i) there shall be any
Law that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibited; or 

(ii) any Governmental
Authority shall have issued an Order restraining or enjoining the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and such Order shall have
become final and non-appealable. 

9.2 Effect of Termination .
In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.1, this Agreement shall become void and have
no effect, without any liability to any party, any Affiliates of such party or any of the officers, directors, shareholders, partners,
members, managers, trustees, employees, agents, advisors, representatives of such party or its Affiliates in respect of this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby, except that: 

(a) any such termination
shall not affect the parties respective rights and obligations under Section 5.3, Section 5.12, Section 9 and Section 10; and 

(b) that nothing herein
shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any intentional breach of any provision hereof. 

52 

Section 10. Miscellaneous . 

10.1 Expenses .
Each Party shall pay all of its own fees, costs and expenses (including fees, costs and expenses of legal counsel and other representatives)
in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the consummation of the Transactions. 

10.2 Notices . 

(a) All
notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally (by courier service or otherwise), or mailed (certified or registered
mail with postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or overnight delivery service), or sent by electronic transmission, as follows: 

Notice to Buyer: 
 Cinedigm Corp. 

Attn.: General Counsel 

2355 Westwood Blvd #779 

Los Angeles, CA 90064 

E-mail: gloffredo@cinedigm.com 

With a Copy to: 
 Kelley Drye Warren LLP 

Attn: Jonathan Cooperman, Esq. and Carol Sherman, Esq. 

3 World Trade Center 

175 Greenwich Street 

New York, NY 10007 

E-mail: jcooperman@kelleydrye.com; 

csherman@kelleydrye.com 

Notice to Sellers: 
 David Chu, the Seller Representative 

Asian Media Rights, LLC, d/b/a Digital Media Rights 

264 W. 40th Street 

15th Floor 

New York, NY 10018 

E-mail: davidchu@digitalmediarights.com 

With a Copy to: 
 Jasso Lopez PLLC 

Attn: Erik Lopez 

950 E. State Hwy 114 

Suite 160 

Southlake, TX 76092 

E-mail: erik@jassolopez.com 

(b) Any
such notice shall be deemed to have been given: (i) upon actual delivery, if delivered by hand; (ii) on the following Business Day, if
delivered by same-day or overnight courier service; (iii) on the third (3rd) Business Day following the mailing of such notice by certified
or registered mail; and (iv) upon sending such notice, if sent via electronic transmission with receipt confirmation. 

53 

10.3 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement (including the Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with
regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, among the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this Agreement and those
in the Disclosure Schedules and/or Exhibits hereto (other than an exception expressly set forth as such in the Disclosure Schedules),
the statements in this Agreement shall control and govern. 

10.4 Assignment;
Binding Effect; Benefit . Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, benefits, or obligations hereunder may be assigned by either
Party (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) to a third party without the prior written consent of the other Parties, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned; provided, that Buyer may assign or transfer this Agreement (and its rights
and obligations under this Agreement), in whole or in part, without the consent of Seller to one or more of its Affiliates. Subject to
the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by a Party and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. Nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person (except for
the Seller Indemnified Parties and the Buyer Indemnified Parties) any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever
under or by reason of this Agreement. 

10.5 Amendment .
This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of each Party hereto. 

10.6 Headings .
The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation
of this Agreement. 

10.7 Counterparts;
Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together will be deemed one original.
A counterpart of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

10.8 Governing
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . 

(a) This
Agreement, the Transactions, all relationships among the Parties hereunder and all disputes and proceedings (in contract, tort or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, and enforced in accordance
with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. 

(b) ANY
LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE UNITED STATES
DISTRICT COURTS OF NEW YORK OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS
TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS (AND ALL APPROPRIATE APPELLATE COURTS THEREFROM) IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.2 SHALL BE EFFECTIVE
SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE
ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD
OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

54 

(c) EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS IS LIKELY TO
INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS OR THE
TRANSACTIONS. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY
OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (ii) SUCH PARTY HAS
CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER
INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.8. 

10.9 Joint
Participation in Drafting this Agreement . The Parties acknowledge and confirm that each of their respective attorneys has participated
jointly in the drafting, review and revision of this Agreement and that it has not been written solely by counsel for any Party and that
each Party has had the benefit of its independent legal counsel s advice with respect to the terms and provisions hereof and its
rights and obligations hereunder. Each Party hereto, therefore, stipulates and agrees that the rule of construction to the effect that
any ambiguities are to be or may be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement
to favor any Party against another and that no Party shall have the benefit of any legal presumption or the detriment of any burden of
proof by reason of any ambiguity or uncertain meaning contained in this Agreement. 

10.10 Severability .
If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the other provisions
of this Agreement as a whole will not be affected; and, in such event, such provision will be changed and interpreted so as best to accomplish
the objectives of such provision within the limits of applicable Law or applicable court decision. 

10.11 Specific
Performance . The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in accordance
with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy
to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

55 

10.12 Delays
and Omissions; Waiver . No delay, failure or waiver by any Party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement, and no partial
or single exercise of any such right or remedy, will operate to limit, preclude, cancel, waive or otherwise affect such right or remedy,
nor will any single or partial exercise of such right or remedy limit, preclude, impair or waive any further exercise of such right or
remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 

10.13 Representation
by Counsel . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Parties that it has consulted with, and has been represented by, the attorney(s)
of its choosing with reference to this Agreement and the Transactions. 

10.14 Disclosure
Schedules . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any information disclosed in one section of the Disclosure
Schedules shall be deemed to be disclosed in such other section(s) of the Disclosure Schedules to the extent that the disclosure is reasonably
apparent from its face to be applicable to such other section(s) of the Disclosure Schedules. Any disclosures in the Disclosure Schedules
that refer to a document are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of such document, including all amendments, exhibits,
schedules and other attachments thereto. Updates to all other Disclosure Schedules may be made only upon mutual agreement of the Parties.
Any such update(s) as aforesaid shall be deemed incorporated into the Disclosure Schedules. 

10.15 Seller
Representative . 

(a) By
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Seller hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints David Chu as the Seller Representative,
and in such capacity, to be the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of such Seller with full powers of substitution to act in the
name, place and stead of thereof with respect to the performance on behalf of such Seller under the terms and provisions of this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents, as the same may be from time to time amended, and to do or refrain from doing all such further acts and
things, and to execute all such documents on behalf of such Seller, if any, as the Seller Representative will deem necessary or appropriate
in connection with any of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents, including: (i) agree
upon or compromise any matter related to the calculation of any adjustments to the Purchase Price under this Agreement; (ii) direct the
distribution of the Purchase Price; (iii) act for Sellers with respect to all indemnification matters referred to in this Agreement, including
the right to compromise on behalf of Sellers any indemnification claim made by or against Sellers, if any; (iv) act for Sellers with respect
to all post-Closing matters; (v) terminate, amend or waive any provision of this Agreement; (vi) employ and obtain the advice of legal
counsel, accountants and other professional advisors as the Seller Representative, in the Seller Representative s sole discretion,
deems necessary or advisable in the performance of his duties as the Seller Representative and to rely on their advice and counsel; (vii)
incur and pay expenses, including fees of brokers, attorneys and accountants incurred pursuant to the transactions contemplated hereby,
and any other fees and expenses allocable or in any way relating to such transaction or any indemnification claim, whether incurred prior
or subsequent to Closing; (viii) receive all or any portion of the Purchase Price and to distribute the same; (ix) distribute the Seller
Representative Reserve; (x) sign any releases or other documents with respect to any dispute or remedy arising under this Agreement or
the Transaction Documents; and (xi) do or refrain from doing any further act or deed on behalf of Sellers which the Seller Representative
deems necessary or appropriate, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement
as fully and completely as any Seller could do if personally present and acting. The Seller Representative hereby accepts his appointment
and authorization as the Seller Representative under this Agreement. 

56 

(b) The
appointment of the Seller Representative will be deemed coupled with an interest and will be irrevocable, and any other Person, including
Buyer and the Company may conclusively and absolutely rely, without inquiry, upon any actions of the Seller Representative as the acts
of Sellers hereunder or any Transaction Document to which they are a party. The Seller Representative will act for Sellers on all of the
matters set forth in this Agreement in the manner the Seller Representative believes to be in the best interest of Sellers, but the Seller
Representative will not be responsible to Sellers for any loss or damage that any Seller may suffer by reason of the performance by the
Seller Representative of such Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement, other than loss or damage arising from fraud,
gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement. Sellers do
hereby jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold the Seller Representative harmless from and against any and all Losses reasonably
incurred or suffered as a result of the performance of the Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement. The Seller Representative
will not be entitled to any fee, commission or other compensation for the performance of his services hereunder, but will be entitled
to the payment from Sellers on a pro rata basis of all expenses incurred as the Seller Representative, which payment may be recovered
by the Seller Representative from the Seller Representative Reserve. 

(c) If
the Seller Representative shall die, become disabled, resign or otherwise be unable to fulfill his responsibilities as agent of Sellers,
then Sellers shall, within ten (10) days after such death or disability, appoint a successor agent and, promptly thereafter (but in any
event within two (2) Business Days after such appointment), shall notify Buyer in writing of the identity of such successor; provided ,
that if for any reason no successor has been appointed within such ten (10) day period, then any Seller will have the right to petition
a court of competent jurisdiction for appointment of a successor to the Seller Representative. Any such successor shall be appointed by
the written consent of Sellers, and any successor so appointed shall become the Seller Representative for purposes of this
Agreement. 

(d) All
notices or other communications required to be made or delivered by Buyer to Sellers shall be made to the Seller Representative for the
benefit of Sellers. All notices or other communications required to be made or delivered by Sellers shall be made by the Seller Representative. 

10.16 Pre-Closing
Communications and Privileges . From and after the Closing, (a) Sellers shall be the sole and exclusive holder of the attorney-client
privilege and all other privileges with respect to the engagement of Jasso Lopez PLLC Seller Counsel by the Company
(and/or its Affiliates) and any services rendered by Seller Counsel as part of that engagement, and none of Buyer, the Company or any
of their subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be a holder of any such privilege; (b) the ownership of, title to, and all rights associated
with any and all communications (including any attachments, draft documents or enclosures) made or sent between or among (i) Sellers,
the Company and/or any of their Affiliates, and (ii) Seller Counsel, that concern, refer, discuss or relate to (A) this Agreement, (B)
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (C) any negotiations regarding or relating to this Agreement, shall solely and exclusively
belong to Sellers (and none of Buyer, the Company or their respective Affiliates); (c) the ownership of, title to, and all rights associated
with any and all pre-Closing communications (including any attachments, draft documents or enclosures) made or sent between or among employees
of the Company (and/or its Affiliates), contractors of the Company (and/or its Affiliates), and/or Sellers that concern, refer, discuss,
or relate to the Company (or its Affiliates) will belong exclusively to Sellers, except to the extent necessary to the post-Closing operations
of the Company; and (d) Seller Counsel shall have no duty whatsoever to reveal or disclose any attorney-client communications with Sellers,
the Company, and/or any of their Affiliates to Buyer, the Company, or any of their Affiliates, whether by reason of any attorney-client
relationship between Seller Counsel and the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise. This Section 10.16 is irrevocable, and no term
of this section may be amended, waived, or modified without the prior written consent of Sellers. 

[Signatures Appear on the Following Page] 

57 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

BUYER: 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Gary S. Loffredo 

Name: 
 Gary S. Loffredo 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, 
General Counsel and Secretary 

SELLERS: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu 

/s/ Augustine Hong 

Augustine Hong 

/s/ Helen Hong 

Helen Hong 

/s/ Michael Hong 

Michael Hong 

/s/ Justin Lee 

Justin Lee 

/s/ Steven Park 

Steven Park 

/s/ Kingsoon Ong 

Kingsoon Ong 

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu, as Seller Representative 

Annex A 

 Pro Rata Percentages 

Annex B 

 Non-Accredited Investors 

Exhibit A 
Example Calculation of Closing Working Capital 

Exhibit B 

 Agreements for Acquisition of Assets of Digital
Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC 

Exhibit C 

 Form of Employment Agreement 

Exhibit D 

 Form of Employment Offer Letter 

Exhibit E 

 Form of Consulting Agreement 

Exhibit F 

 Tax Liens 

Exhibit G 

 UCC Financing Statements 

Exhibit E 

 Form of Consulting Agreement 

FIRST AMENDMENT 

TO 

EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This First Amendment to Equity
Purchase Agreement (this Amendment is made as of February 15, 2022, by and among Cinedigm Corp., a Delaware corporation Buyer ), each member of the Company (each a Seller and together, Sellers and David Chu, solely in the capacity as representative of Sellers (the Seller Representative and together with Buyer
and Sellers, the Parties ). 

A. The Parties previously
entered into that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2022 (the Purchase Agreement ); and 

B. The Parties desire to amend
the Purchase Agreement pursuant to Section 10.5 thereof, as set forth herein. 

Amendment . Section
6.2(a)(v) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

(v) the
matters described in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules and the State Tax Liens. 

Amendment . Section
6.7(c) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

(c) The aggregate
amount of all Losses for which the Controlling Members shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not exceed 800,000. The aggregate
amount of all Losses for which Buyer shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.3(a)(i) shall not exceed 800,000. The limitations set forth
in this Section 6.7(c) shall not apply to Losses based upon, arising out of, or by reason of Section 6.2(a)(ii)-(v), Section 6.3(a)(ii),
any inaccuracy in or breach of any Fundamental Representation or Fraud, which shall not exceed the Purchase Price. 

Amendment . Section
8.1(h) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following: 

(h) Target
shall have repaid or otherwise secured release of those certain tax liens identified on Exhibit F attached hereto (the State
Tax Liens ), and the documentation of such repayment or release shall be reasonably satisfactory to Buyer. 

Amendment . Section
9.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting February 21 and replacing it with March 14. 

Effect of Amendment .
This Amendment shall not constitute a waiver, amendment or modification of any other provision of the Purchase Agreement not expressly
contemplated hereby. Except as specifically modified and amended hereby, the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force
and effect. From and after the date hereof, each reference in the Purchase Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder ,
 hereof , herein or words of similar meaning shall mean and be a reference to the Purchase Agreement as amended
by this Amendment. 

Governing
Law . This Amendment, all relationships among the Parties hereunder and all disputes and proceedings (in contract, tort or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, and enforced in accordance
with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. 

Counterparts ;
Electronic Signatures . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together will be deemed one original.
A counterpart of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment. 

Defined Terms . Capitalized
terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. 

[Signatures Appear on the Following Page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

BUYER: 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Gary S. Loffredo 

Name: 
 Gary S. Loffredo 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

SELLERS: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu 

/s/ Augustine Hong 

Augustine Hong 

/s/ Helen Hong 

Helen Hong 

/s/ Michael Hong 

Michael Hong 

/s/ Justin Lee 

Justin Lee 

/s/ Steven Park 

Steven Park 

/s/ Kingsoon Ong 

Kingsoon Ong 

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu, as Seller Representative 

SECOND AMENDMENT 

TO 

EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Second Amendment to Equity
Purchase Agreement (this Amendment is made as of March 14, 2022, by and among Cinedigm Corp., a Delaware corporation Buyer ), each member of the Company (each a Seller and together, Sellers and David Chu, solely in the capacity as representative of Sellers (the Seller Representative and together with Buyer
and Sellers, the Parties ). 

A. The Parties previously
entered into that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2022, as amended (the Purchase Agreement );
and 

B. The Parties desire to amend
the Purchase Agreement pursuant to Section 10.5 thereof, as set forth herein. 

Amendment . Section
9.1(b) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting March 14 and replacing it with March 28. 

Effect of Amendment .
This Amendment shall not constitute a waiver, amendment or modification of any other provision of the Purchase Agreement not expressly
contemplated hereby. Except as specifically modified and amended hereby, the Purchase Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force
and effect. From and after the date hereof, each reference in the Purchase Agreement to this Agreement , hereunder ,
 hereof , herein or words of similar meaning shall mean and be a reference to the Purchase Agreement as amended
by this Amendment. 

Governing
Law . This Amendment, all relationships among the Parties hereunder and all disputes and proceedings (in contract, tort or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, and enforced in accordance
with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision (whether of the State of New
York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of New York. 

Counterparts ;
Electronic Signatures . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together will be deemed one original.
A counterpart of this Amendment delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be deemed to have the same
legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Amendment. 

Defined Terms . Capitalized
terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Purchase Agreement. 

[Signatures Appear on the Following Page] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed
this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

BUYER: 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Gary S. Loffredo 

Name: 
 Gary S. Loffredo 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, 
General Counsel and Secretary 

SELLERS: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu 

/s/ Augustine Hong 

Augustine Hong 

/s/ Helen Hong 

Helen Hong 

/s/ Michael Hong 

Michael Hong 

/s/ Justin Lee 

Justin Lee 

/s/ Steven Park 

Steven Park 

/s/ Kingsoon Ong 

Kingsoon Ong 

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu, as Seller Representative 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-10.25.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex10-25i_cinedigm.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED MARCH 25, 2022

Exhibit 10.25.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This Amended and Restated
Equity Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is made as of March 25, 2022 (the Effective Date ),
by and among Cinedigm Corp., a Delaware corporation Buyer ), the members of the Company (as defined here) set forth
on the signature page hereto (each a Seller and together, Sellers and David Chu, solely in
the capacity as representative of Sellers as set forth herein (the Seller Representative and together with Buyer
and Sellers, the Parties ). 

WHEREAS , Sellers own
all of the membership interests (the Equity of Asian Media Rights, LLC, a New York limited liability company, d/b/a
Digital Media Rights Target or the Company ); 

WHEREAS , Buyer desires
to purchase from Sellers, and Sellers desire to sell and assign to Buyer, the Equity in return for cash and Common Stock (as defined herein)
as set forth herein; 

WHEREAS , Buyer and
Sellers entered into that certain Equity Purchase Agreement dated as of January 4, 2022, as amended by that certain First Amendment dated
as of February 15, 2022, and that certain Second Amendment dated as of March 14, 2022 (the Original Agreement ); and 

WHEREAS, Buyer and Sellers
desire to amend and restate the Original Agreement as set forth herein. 

Now,
therefore , in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements contained
herein, the Parties agree as follows: 

Section 1. Definitions . 

Affiliate 
has the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 of the regulations promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act. 

Affiliated Group 
means any affiliated group within the meaning of Code Section 1504(a) or any similar group defined under a similar provision of state,
local, or non-U.S. law. 

Agreement 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Basis 
means any past or present fact, situation, circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice, plan, occurrence, event, incident, action,
failure to act, or transaction that forms or could form the basis for any specified consequence. 

Broker 
means any agent, broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other person. 

Broker s Fee 
means any financial advisory, broker s, finder s or similar fee or commission or reimbursement of expenses to a Broker. 

1 

Business 
means the media and entertainment business that consists of direct-to-consumer streaming television networks and social media channels,
global content aggregation and distribution or digital video advertising networks. 

Business Day means
any day except Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in New York, New York are authorized or required by
Law to be closed for business. 

Buyer 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Buyer Indemnified
Parties has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3. 

Closing 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 below. 

Closing Certificate 
means a certificate delivered by the Seller Representative stating (a) (i) the identity of any Person to whom payment of Transaction Expenses
or repayment of any outstanding unpaid Indebtedness of the Company existing as of the Closing Date shall be made, (ii) the amounts payable
to such Person, and (iii) wire transfer information for such Person and (b) (i) the name and address of each Seller, (ii) the Purchase
Price payable to such Seller, and (iii) wire transfer information for such Seller. 

Closing Date 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.5 below. 

Closing Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 

Closing Working
Capital means (a) the Current Assets of the Company, less (b) the Current Liabilities of the Company, determined as of the
close of business on the Closing Date. 

COBRA 
means the requirements of Part 6 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Code Section 4980B and of any similar state law. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Common Stock 
means Class A Common Stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Buyer. 

Company 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Company Real Properties 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12. 

Confidential Information 
means any information concerning the businesses and affairs of the Target that is not already available to the public. 

Controlling Members 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2. 

Current Assets 
means cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventory and prepaid expenses, but excluding (a) the portion of any prepaid expense
of which Buyer will not receive the benefit following the Closing; (b) deferred Tax assets; and (c) receivables from any of the Company s
Affiliates, members, managers, employees, or officers and any of their respective Affiliates, determined in accordance with GAAP applied
using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with consistent classifications, judgments and valuation
and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements for the most recent fiscal year end as if such
accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 

2 

Current Liabilities 
means accounts payable, accrued Taxes and accrued expenses, but excluding payables to any of the Company s Affiliates, members,
managers, employees, or officers and any of their respective Affiliates, deferred Tax liabilities and the current portion of long term
debt, determined in accordance with GAAP applied using the same accounting methods, practices, principles, policies and procedures, with
consistent classifications, judgments and valuation and estimation methodologies that were used in the preparation of the Financial Statements
for the most recent fiscal year end as if such accounts were being prepared and audited as of a fiscal year end. 

Disclosure Schedules 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4. 

Employee Benefit
Plan means any employee benefit plan (as such term is defined in ERISA Section 3(3)) and any other material
employee benefit plan, program or arrangement of any kind in each case, that Target maintains, to which Target contributes or has any
obligation to contribute on behalf of any current or former employee, officer or director, or with respect to which Target has any Liability. 

Employee Pension
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(2). 

Employee Welfare
Benefit Plan has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(1). 

Environmental Laws 
means, whenever in effect, all federal, state, local, and non-U.S. statutes, regulations, ordinances, and other provisions having the
force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative orders and determinations, and all common law concerning pollution or protection
of the environment, including, without limitation, all those relating to the presence, use, production, generation, handling, transportation,
treatment, storage, disposal, distribution, labeling, testing, processing, discharge, release, threatened release, control, exposure to,
or cleanup of any hazardous materials, substances, wastes, chemical substances, mixtures, pesticides, pollutants, contaminants, toxic
chemicals, petroleum products or byproducts, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, noise, odor, mold, or radiation. 

ERISA 
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA Affiliate 
means each entity that is treated as a single employer with Target for purposes of Code Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o). 

Fiduciary 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(21). 

Filed Reports 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1. 

Financial Statements 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

3 

Fraud 
means actual (and not constructive) fraud, consisting of an intentionally and knowingly false misrepresentation of material and existing
fact by one Party to another Party in the making of the representations and warranties in Section 3 or 4, as applicable, made with the
specific intent to deceive the complaining Party, upon which the complaining Party actually and justifiably relied to its detriment. 

GAAP 
means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, consistently applied. 

Governmental Authority 
means any court, arbitrator, administrative or other governmental department, agency, commission, authority or instrumentality, domestic
or foreign. 

Indebtedness 
means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money or with respect to deposits
or advances of any kind, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations
of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title
retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase
price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of
others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any
Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all guarantees
by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all capital lease obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty and (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise,
of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity
(including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such
Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide
that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Indemnifying Party 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Intellectual Property 
means all of the following in any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether
or not reduced to practice), all improvements thereto, and all patents, patent applications, and patent disclosures, together with all
reissuances, continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part, revisions, extensions, and reexaminations thereof, (b) all trademarks, service
marks, trade dress, logos, slogans, trade names, corporate names, Internet domain names, other source identifiers, and rights in telephone
numbers, together with all translations, adaptations, derivations, and combinations thereof and including all goodwill associated therewith,
and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (c) all copyrightable works, all copyrights, and all applications,
registrations, and renewals in connection therewith, (d) all mask works and all applications, registrations, and renewals in connection
therewith, (e) all trade secrets and confidential, technical, and business information (including ideas, research and development, know-how,
formulas, compositions, manufacturing and production processes and techniques, technical data, designs, drawings, specifications, customer
and supplier lists, pricing and cost information, and business and marketing plans and proposals), (f) all computer software (including
in both source code and object code form, executable code, data, databases, and related documentation), (g) all advertising and promotional
materials, (h) all other proprietary rights, and (i) all copies and tangible embodiments thereof (in whatever form or medium). 

4 

Key Persons 
means David Chu, Michael Hong and Tommy Lee. 

Law means
any applicable federal, state, local or foreign law, statute, ordinance, rule regulation, judgment, order, injunction, decree or agency
requirement of any Governmental Authority. 

Lease 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.12. 

Legal Proceeding 
means any private or governmental action, suit, complaint, arbitration, mediation, legal or administrative proceeding or investigation
pending or threatened, whether prior to or post-Closing and whether or not a contingent liability, arising or accruing from actions or
activities prior to the Closing Date. 

Liability 
means any liability or obligation of whatever kind or nature (whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute
or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including any liability
for Taxes. 

Lien 
means any security interest, mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, charge, claim, option, right to acquire, adverse interest, encumbrance,
restriction, lien (statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or
nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease involving substantially the
same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable
Law of any jurisdiction). 

Limited Survival
Representations has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 

Losses 
means any and all deficiencies, judgments, settlements, losses, damages, interest, fines, penalties, Taxes, costs and expenses (including
reasonable legal, accounting and other costs and expenses of professionals) incurred in connection with investigating, defending, settling
or satisfying any and all demands, claims, actions, causes of action, inquiries, suits, proceedings, assessments, audits, investigations,
judgments or appeals, and in seeking indemnification, compensation or reimbursement therefor. In no event shall any Loss include punitive,
special, incidental, consequential or indirect damages, except: (a) to the extent actually paid or payable to a third party; (b) Taxes;
and (c) breaches of the covenants set forth in Section 5.3 (Confidentiality) and Section 5.4 (Covenant Not to Compete). 

5 

Material Adverse
Effect means, with respect to any Person, any event, occurrence, fact, condition, or change that is, or would reasonably be
expected to become, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to: (a) the business, results of operations, condition (financial
or otherwise), or assets of such Person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (b) the ability of such Person to consummate the Transactions
on a timely basis; provided, however, that a Material Adverse Effect shall not be deemed to include events, occurrences, facts, conditions
or changes arising out of, relating to or resulting from: (i) changes in the national or world economy or financial markets as a whole
or changes in general economic conditions that affect the industries in which the Person conducts its business, so long as such changes
or conditions do not adversely affect the Person in a materially disproportionate manner relative to other similarly situated participants
in the industries or markets in which it operates; (ii) any change in applicable Law or GAAP or interpretation thereof after the date
hereof, so long as such changes do not adversely affect the Person in a materially disproportionate manner relative to other similarly
situated participants in the industries or markets in which it operates; (iii) the announcement, pendency or completion of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including losses or threatened losses of employees, customers, suppliers, distributors or others having
relationships with a Person; (iv) any action permitted or required by the terms of this Agreement or any action taken (or omitted to be
taken) at the request of, or with the consent of, Buyer; (v) any natural disaster or acts of God; or (vi) any epidemics, pandemics, disease
outbreaks, or other public health emergencies (including the COVID-19 global pandemic) or any action taken by any Governmental Authority
in response thereto. 

Most Recent Balance
Sheet means the balance sheet contained within the Most Recent Financial Statements. 

Most Recent Financial
Statements has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Most Recent Fiscal
Month End has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Most Recent Fiscal
Year End has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 below. 

Multiemployer Plan 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 3(37). 

Net Working Capital
Methodology means the principles and methodologies for calculating the Closing Working Capital and Final Net Working Capital
of the Company, an example of which is attached as Exhibit A . 

Order 
means any judgment, writ, decree, directive, decision, injunction, ruling, award or order (including any consent decree or cease and desist
order) of any kind of any Governmental Authority. 

Ordinary Course
of Business means, with respect to an action taken by any Person, an action that is consistent in nature, scope and magnitude
with the past practices of such Person. 

Outstanding Payables 
means the trade and other accounts payable listed on the attached Exhibit G . 

Party 
or Parties has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

6 

Person 
means an individual, a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint
venture, an unincorporated organization, any other business entity, or a governmental entity (or any department, agency, or political
subdivision thereof). 

Post-Closing Purchase
Price has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. 

Prohibited Transaction 
has the meaning set forth in ERISA Section 406 and Code Section 4975. 

Pre-Closing Tax
Period has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 

Pro Rata Percentages 
means the amount for each Seller set forth opposite such Seller s name on Annex A , which amount may consist of (a) a combination
of cash and Common Stock or (b) solely cash. 

Purchase Price 
has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 below. 

Rule 144 
means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule
or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

SEC means
the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

SEC Reports 
has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(k). 

Securities Act 
means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Securities Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Sellers 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Seller Indemnified
Party has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2. 

Straddle Period 
has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2. 

Subsidiary 
or Subsidiaries means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association,
or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without
regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers, or trustees thereof is at the time owned
or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof
or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association, or other business entity (other than a corporation), a majority
of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person
or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof and for this purpose, a Person or Persons own a majority ownership
interest in such a business entity (other than a corporation) if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of such business
entity s gains or losses or shall be or control any managing director or general partner of such business entity (other than a corporation).
The term Subsidiary shall include all Subsidiaries of such Subsidiary. 

7 

Target 
has the meaning set forth in the preface above. 

Target Working Capital 
means 1,498,167.93. 

Tax or
 Taxes means any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. income, gross receipts, license, payroll, employment, excise,
severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental (including taxes under Code Section 59A), customs duties,
capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security (or similar), unemployment, disability, real property, personal property,
sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add-on minimum, estimated, or other tax of any kind whatsoever (including
any penalty for the failure to properly file any information return), including any interest, penalty, or addition thereto, whether disputed
or not and including any obligations to indemnify or otherwise assume or succeed to the Tax liability of any other Person. 

Tax Return 
means any return, declaration, report, claim for refund, or information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof. 

Third-Party Claim 
has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4. 

Transactions 
means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

Transaction Documents 
means: (a) this Agreement; and (b) all other agreements, documents and instruments to be delivered in connection with the Transactions. 

Transaction Expenses 
means all fees, expenses, costs, commissions, transaction bonuses or disbursements payable by Company or Sellers incurred in connection
with the process of selling the Company or otherwise relating to the negotiation, preparation, or execution of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby, including (a) all fees, expenses, costs, commissions or disbursements of any investment banker, advisor,
attorney, accountant or other professional; (b) all fees and expenses associated with obtaining necessary or appropriate consents; and
(c) all fees and expenses associated with obtaining the release and termination of any Liens. 

WARN Act 
has the meaning set forth in Section 4.8 below. 

1.1 Terms
Generally . The definitions set forth or referenced in Section 1.1 and elsewhere in this Agreement, shall apply equally to both the
singular and plural forms of the terms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed
to be followed by the phrase without limitation . To the Knowledge of a Person means: (a) with respect to Sellers,
 to the Knowledge of Sellers means the actual knowledge of the Key Persons after reasonable inquiry; and (b) with respect
to Buyer, to the Knowledge of Buyer means the actual knowledge of Gary Loffredo after reasonable inquiry of such Person s
direct reports. 

8 

Section 2. Purchase and
Sale of Target Equity . 

2.1 Basic
Transaction . On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Buyer agrees to purchase from Sellers, and Sellers agree
to sell to Buyer, the Equity for the consideration specified below in this Section 2. 

2.2 Purchase
Price . 

(a) The
purchase price for the Equity shall be an aggregate of 16,400,000 (Sixteen Million Four Hundred Thousand Dollars) which will be paid
as follows: (A) 8,000,000 (Eight Million Dollars) shall be paid in cash at the Closing (the Closing Purchase Price and (B) 8,400,000 (Eight Million Four Hundred Thousand Dollars) (the Post-Closing Purchase Price and together with
the Closing Purchase Price, the Purchase Price shall be paid, at Buyer s option, in cash or Common Stock as
follows: (i) 3,000,000 (Three Million Dollars) on the first anniversary of the Closing Date; (ii) 3,000,000 (Three Million Dollars)
on the second anniversary of the Closing Date; and (iii) 2,400,000 (Two Million Four Hundred Thousand Dollars) on the third anniversary
of the Closing Date. Any Post-Closing Purchase Price paid in Common Stock shall be valued at the volume weighted average price per share
of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market (or any other market or exchange on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted for
trading) for the twenty (20) day trading period ending on the last trading day immediately preceding the applicable anniversary of the
Closing Date and, if necessary, rounded up to the next full share; provided, however, that unless Buyer has obtained approval of its stockholders
in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(a), in no event will the number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement
exceed nineteen and 9/10 percent (19.9 of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the execution of this
Agreement; provided, further, that if Buyer is no longer trading on Nasdaq Global Market (or any other market or exchange on which the
Common Stock could be listed or quoted for trading) the Post-Closing Purchase Price shall be paid entirely in cash. At the time of the
issuance of any Post-Closing Purchase Price paid in Common Stock, Buyer shall direct its transfer agent to issue such Post-Closing Purchase
Price paid in Common Stock to each Seller who is entitled to receive Common Stock in accordance with allocations provided to Buyer by
Sellers at least three (3) Business Days in advance of the applicable anniversary of the Closing Date. 

(b) On
the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the Closing Purchase Price to Sellers pursuant to the delivery instructions
set forth in Section 2.2 of the Disclosure Schedules. 

2.3 Seller
Representative Reserve . 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Section 2, at the Closing, Buyer shall deposit in an account designated by the Seller Representative,
 300,000 (the Seller Representative Reserve ), which amount shall be deemed to reduce the Closing Purchase Price otherwise
payable at Closing under this Section 2 and which shall be held by the Seller Representative for the benefit of Sellers in accordance
with this Section 2. The Parties agree to treat the Seller Representative Reserve as owned by Sellers in accordance with their Pro Rata
Percentages and to file all Tax Returns on a basis consistent with such treatment. 

9 

(b) The
Seller Representative Reserve may be applied as the Seller Representative, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong,
determines appropriate to defray, offset or pay any charges, fees, costs, liabilities or expenses of the Seller Representative incurred
in connection with the Transactions and the Transaction Documents. Sellers will not receive any interest or earnings on the Seller Representative
Reserve and irrevocably transfer and assign to the Seller Representative any ownership right that they may otherwise have had in any such
interest or earnings. The Seller Representative will not be liable for any loss of principal of the Seller Representative Reserve other
than as a result of his gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

(c) The
balance of the Seller Representative Reserve held pursuant to this Section 2.3, if any, shall be distributed to Sellers by the Seller
Representative. Each Seller shall be deemed to have contributed an amount to the Seller Representative Reserve equal to such Seller s
respective Pro Rata Percentage of the Seller Representative Reserve. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Seller Representative Reserve
shall only be so distributed when the Seller Representative determines, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong, that
such distribution is appropriate. Sellers agree that the Seller Representative is not acting as a withholding agent or in any similar
capacity in connection with the Seller Representative Reserve and that the Seller Representative shall have no responsibility for tax
reporting with respect to the ultimate distribution of any balance of the Seller Representative Reserve. None of Buyer or the Company
or their respective Affiliates shall have any liability or responsibility to Sellers with respect to the Seller Representative Reserve
or the actions and responsibilities of the Seller Representative contemplated by this Section 2.3, and Sellers shall seek distribution
of the Seller Representative Reserve solely from the Seller Representative. 

2.4 Closing
Purchase Price Adjustment . 

(a) Closing
Adjustment . 

(i) At
the Closing, the Closing Purchase Price shall be adjusted as follows either by (A) an increase by the amount, if any, by which the Estimated
Closing Working Capital (as determined in accordance with Section 2.4(a)(ii)) is greater than the Target Working Capital, or (B) a decrease
by the amount, if any, by which the Estimated Closing Working Capital is less than the Target Working Capital. The net amount after giving
effect to the adjustments listed in this Section 2.4(a) shall be the Closing Purchase Price . 

(ii) At
least three Business Days before the Closing, the Seller Representative shall prepare and deliver to Buyer a statement setting forth Sellers 
good faith estimate of Closing Working Capital (the Estimated Closing Working Capital ), which statement shall contain
an estimated balance sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein), a calculation
of Estimated Closing Working Capital (the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement ), and a certificate of the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company that the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement was prepared in good faith and consistent
with the Company s past practices and the Net Working Capital Methodology. During such three-day period, Buyer shall review the
Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement and related work papers and ask questions of the Seller Representative and the Company s
accountant during normal business hours regarding the same until the Parties mutually agree on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement.
An example of the calculation of Closing Working Capital in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology is appended hereto as
 Exhibit A . 

10 

(b) Post-Closing
Adjustment . 

(i) As
soon as practicable following the Closing Date (but not later than sixty (60) days after the Closing Date), Buyer shall prepare and deliver
to the Seller Representative a statement setting forth its calculation of Closing Working Capital, which statement shall contain a balance
sheet of the Company as of the Closing Date (without giving effect to the transactions contemplated herein), a calculation of Closing
Working Capital (the Closing Working Capital Statement and a certificate of the Chief Financial Officer of Buyer
that the Closing Working Capital Statement was prepared in good faith in a manner consistent with the Estimated Closing Working Capital
Statement and in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology. If Buyer fails to deliver the Closing Working Capital Statement
within the sixty-day period, the Closing Working Capital set forth in the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement shall be deemed
final and binding on the Parties hereto. 

(ii) The
post-closing adjustment shall be an amount equal to the Closing Working Capital minus the Estimated Closing Working Capital (the Post-Closing
Adjustment ). 

(c) Examination
and Review . 

(i) Examination .
After receipt of the Closing Working Capital Statement, the Seller Representative shall have thirty (30) days (the Review Period to review the Closing Working Capital Statement. During the Review Period, the Seller Representative, Sellers and Sellers accountants
shall have full access to the books and records of the Company, the personnel of, and work papers prepared by, Buyer and/or Buyer s
accountants to the extent that they relate to the Closing Working Capital Statement and to such historical financial information (to the
extent in Buyer s or the Company s possession) relating to the Closing Working Capital Statement as the Seller Representative
may reasonably request for the purpose of reviewing the Closing Working Capital Statement and to prepare a Statement of Objections, provided,
that such access shall be in a manner that does not materially interfere with the normal business operations of Buyer or the Company. 

(ii) Objection .
On or prior to the last day of the Review Period, the Seller Representative may object to the Closing Working Capital Statement by delivering
to Buyer a written statement setting forth Sellers objections in reasonable detail, indicating each disputed item or amount and
the basis for Sellers disagreement therewith (the Statement of Objections ). If the Seller Representative fails
to deliver the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Post-Closing
Adjustment, as the case may be, reflected in the Closing Working Capital Statement shall be deemed to have been accepted by Sellers. If
the Seller Representative delivers the Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, Buyer and the Seller Representative
shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such objections within thirty (30) days after the delivery of the Statement of Objections (the
 Resolution Period ), and, if the same are so resolved within the Resolution Period, the Post-Closing Adjustment and
the Closing Working Capital Statement with such changes as may have been previously agreed in writing by Buyer and the Seller Representative,
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Parties hereto. 

11 

(iii) Resolution
of Disputes . If the Seller Representative and Buyer fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of the matters set forth in the
Statement of Objections before expiration of the Resolution Period, then Buyer and the Seller Representative shall appoint by mutual agreement
BDO USA, LLP (so long as BDO USA, LLP has no professional relationship with any of the Parties or their respective Affiliates), or if
that firm is unwilling or unable to serve, Buyer and the Seller Representative will appoint another mutually acceptable independent accounting
firm of recognized standing (which firm is not the regular auditing firm of any of the Parties or their Affiliates) (the appointed firm,
the Independent Accountant who, acting as experts and not arbitrators, shall resolve any amounts remaining in dispute Disputed Amounts only and make any adjustments to the Post-Closing Adjustment, as the case may be, and the Closing
Working Capital Statement in accordance with the Net Working Capital Methodology. The Parties hereto agree that all adjustments shall
be made without regard to materiality. The Independent Accountant shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the Parties and
its decision for each Disputed Amount must be within the range of values assigned to each such item in the Closing Working Capital Statement
and the Statement of Objections, respectively. The Parties hereto agree that neither Buyer nor the Seller Representative shall communicate
with the Independent Accountant without the knowledge of such other Party. 

(iv) Fees
of the Independent Accountant . The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be paid by Sellers from the Seller Representative
Reserve to the extent of its balance, and thereafter shall be paid by Sellers based on their respective Pro Rata Percentages, on the one
hand, and by Buyer, on the other hand, based upon the percentage that the amount actually contested but not awarded to Sellers or Buyer,
respectively, bears to the aggregate amount actually contested by Sellers and Buyer. 

(v) Determination
by Independent Accountant . The Independent Accountant shall make a determination as soon as practicable within thirty (30) days (or
such other time as the parties hereto shall agree in writing) after its engagement, and its resolution of the Disputed Amounts and its
adjustments to the Closing Working Capital Statement and/or the Post-Closing Adjustment shall be conclusive and binding upon the Parties
hereto. 

(d) Payments
of Post-Closing Adjustment . If the Closing Working Capital as reflected on the Closing Working Capital Statement (as is deemed final
and conclusive in accordance with this Section 2.4, the Final Net Working Capital exceeds the Closing Working Capital
reflected on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement, then Buyer (or, at Buyer s direction, the Company) shall pay promptly
(and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days after the Final Net Working Capital has been established) to Sellers an amount in cash
that is equal to such excess in accordance with each Seller s Pro Rata Percentages and the payment instructions provided in the
Closing Certificate. If the Closing Working Capital reflected on the Estimated Closing Working Capital Statement exceeds the Final Net
Working Capital, then the Seller Representative shall pay promptly from the Seller Representative Reserve (and, in any event, within the
five (5) Business Day period described above) to Buyer an amount in cash that is equal to such excess; provided that to the extent the
Seller Representative Reserve does not include adequate funds to pay Buyer as set forth in this Section 2.4(d), any such shortfall amount
shall be paid by Sellers based on their respective Pro Rata Percentages; provided further that the Controlling Members shall be liable
to Buyer for any such amount that is not timely paid. Any payments shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to such
account as is directed by Buyer or the Seller Representative, as the case may be. 

12 

(e) Adjustments
for Tax Purposes . Any payments made pursuant to Section 2.4 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the parties
for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by Law. 

2.5 Closing .
The closing of the Transactions (the Closing shall take place at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of Buyer as soon as practicable
and, in any event, within five (5) Business Days following the satisfaction or waiver of all of the conditions precedent set forth herein
and at such other time or place as is mutually agreed by the Parties in writing (the Closing Date ). 

2.6 Withholding .
Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the Purchase Price all Taxes Buyer, as applicable, may be required to deduct and withhold
under any provision of federal, state, local, or foreign Tax Law. All such withheld amounts shall be treated as delivered to Sellers hereunder.
Sellers shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to Buyer prior to Closing a certificate (or certificates), including without limitation
and if applicable a Form W-9, in form satisfactory to Buyer and in compliance with applicable Treasury Regulations certifying that the
Transactions are exempt from withholding under the Code. 

2.7 Deliveries
at Closing . 

(a) At
the Closing, Sellers will deliver to Buyer the following: 

(i) Duly
executed assignment documents assigning and transferring the ownership of record of the Equity in accordance with applicable Law. 

(ii) The
certificate required by Section 8.1(c). 

(iii) Copies
of the Third-Party Consents. 

(iv) A
certificate pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1445-2(b) duly executed by each Seller that he or she is not a foreign person within
the meaning of Section 1445 of the Code. 

(v) The
agreements pursuant to which Target will acquire certain assets of Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC, in the forms attached
as Exhibit B . 

(vi) Payoff
letters for the Indebtedness of Target. 

(vii) Executed
employment agreement between the Company and David Chu in the form attached as Exhibit C . 

(viii) Executed
employment offer letter between the Company and Tommy Lee in the form attached as Exhibit D . 

13 

(ix) Executed
consulting agreement between the Company and Michael Hong in the form attached as Exhibit E . 

(x) All
other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Sellers at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement. 

(b) At
the Closing, Buyer will deliver or cause to be delivered to Sellers, the Seller Representative or their designees, as the case may be,
the following: 

(i) To
each Seller, wire transfers of his or her share of the Closing Purchase Price to which each Seller is entitled hereunder in accordance
with payment instructions provided in the Closing Certificate. 

(ii) To
the Seller Representative, the Seller Representative Reserve in accordance with Section 2.3. 

(iii) To
the Persons to whom payment of Transaction Expenses or repayment of any outstanding unpaid Indebtedness of the Company existing as of
the Closing Date shall be made, such cash amounts in accordance with payment instructions in the Closing Certificate. 

(iv) All
other agreements, documents, instruments or certificates required to be delivered by Buyer at or prior to the Closing pursuant to this
Agreement. 

2.8 No Fractional Shares.
 No fraction of a share of Common Stock will be issued by virtue of the Transactions.

Section 3. Representations
and Warranties Concerning Transaction . 

3.1 Sellers 
Representations and Warranties . Each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Buyer with respect to himself or
herself only, that the statements contained in this Section 3.1 are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and the
Closing Date. 

(a) Authorization
of Transaction . Such Seller has the requisite legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform his or her obligations
hereunder. This Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of such Seller, enforceable in accordance with its terms
and conditions. Such Seller need not give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent, or approval of any
government or governmental agency in order to consummate the Transactions. 

(b) Non-Contravention .
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the Transactions, will (i) violate any constitution,
statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge, or other restriction of any government, governmental agency,
or court to which such Seller is subject, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration
of, create in any party the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease,
license, instrument, or other arrangement to which such Seller is a party or by which he or she is bound or to which any of his or her
assets are subject, or (iii) result in the imposition or creation of a Lien upon or with respect to such Seller s Equity. 

14 

(c) Brokers 
Fees . No Broker is, will or might be entitled, by reason of any agreement, act or statement by such Seller to any Broker s Fee. 

(d) Equity .
Such Seller holds of record and owns beneficially the amount of the Equity set forth next to his or her name in Section 4.2 of the
Disclosure Schedule, free and clear of any restrictions on transfer (other than any restrictions under the Securities Act, state securities
laws and the Target s organizational documents), Taxes, Liens, options, warrants, purchase rights, contracts, commitments, equities,
claims, and demands. Such Seller is not a party to any option, warrant, purchase right, or other contract or commitment (other than this
Agreement and the Target s organizational documents) that could require such Seller to sell, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any
capital stock of Target. Such Seller is not a party to any voting trust, proxy, or other agreement or understanding with respect to the
voting of any capital stock of Target. 

(e) Legal
Proceedings . To such Seller s Knowledge, there is no: (a) Legal Proceeding pending or threatened against such Seller that seeks
to restrain, enjoin or delay the consummation of this Agreement or the Transactions or that seeks damages in connection therewith; or
(b) judgment, decree, injunction, rule, or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Seller that has had or is reasonably
likely to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on such Seller or his or her ability to consummate
the Transactions. 

(f) Private
Placement . 

(i) Such
Seller acknowledges that the shares of Common Stock that constitute the Post-Closing Purchase Price (collectively, the Purchase
Price Stock ), are restricted securities as defined in Regulation D of the Securities Act and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, and such Seller is acquiring the Purchase Price Stock for his or her
own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Purchase Price Stock or any part thereof in violation of the
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, have no present intention of distributing any of such Purchase Price Stock in violation
of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no arrangement or understanding with any other persons regarding
the distribution of such Purchase Price Stock (without limiting its right to sell the Purchase Price Stock in compliance with applicable
federal and state securities laws) in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law. Such Seller does not have
any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Purchase Price Stock. 

(ii) As
of the date of the Agreement and on each date on which such Seller receives any Purchase Price Stock, such Seller is or shall be, an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act, except as set forth on Annex
B . 

15 

(iii) Such
Seller, either alone or together with his or her representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in business and financial
matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective acquisition of the Purchase Price Stock, and has so
evaluated the merits and risks of such acquisition. Such Seller is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Purchase Price
Stock and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(iv) Such
Seller is not acquiring the Purchase Price Stock as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the
Purchase Price Stock published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar
or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

(v) Such
Seller acknowledges that he or she has reviewed the registration statements, prospectuses, reports, schedules, forms, statements, and
other documents (including exhibits and all other information incorporated by reference) required to be filed or furnished by Buyer with
or to the SEC since April 1, 2017 (collectively, Filed Reports and the Transaction Documents and have been afforded
the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of Buyer concerning
Buyer and the terms and conditions of the offering of the Purchase Price Stock and the merits and risks of acquiring the Purchase Price
Stock. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by such Seller or on his or her behalf by its representatives or counsel
shall modify, amend or affect such Seller s right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Filed Reports and the Transaction
Documents. 

3.2 Buyer s
Representations and Warranties . Buyer represents and warrants to Sellers that the statements contained in this Section 3.2 are
correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date. 

(a) Organization
and Qualification . Buyer is a corporation duly formed, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware,
has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted, and
is duly qualified or licensed to do business in each jurisdiction in which the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature
of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to so register would not have a Material Adverse Effect
on Buyer. 

(b) Authorization
and Validity of Agreement . Buyer has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and each other Transaction Document
to which it is or will become a party and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Transactions. The
execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is or will become a party
and the consummation of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Buyer.
This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will become a party has been, or when executed shall be, duly
executed and delivered by Buyer. Assuming that this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Buyer is or will become a party
is a valid and binding agreement of the other Parties thereto, this Agreement and each such Transaction Document constitutes, or when
executed shall constitute, a valid and binding agreement of Buyer, enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its terms, except: (a)
as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or other Laws of general application
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally; (b) as limited by Laws relating to the availability of
specific performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies; or (c) to the extent the indemnification provisions contained herein
may be limited by applicable federal or state securities Laws. 

16 

(c) Brokers
or Finders . No Broker is, will or might be entitled, by reason of any agreement, act or statement by Buyer or any of its officers,
employees, consultants or agents, to any Broker s Fee. 

(d) No
Approvals or Notices Required; No Conflict with Instruments . The execution, delivery and performance by Buyer of this Agreement or
the other Transaction Documents to which it is party will not contravene or violate: (i) any existing Law to which it is subject; (ii)
any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree or award of any court, arbitrator or Governmental Authority which is applicable to it; (iii)
the organizational documents of Buyer; or (iv) any contract to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is otherwise bound, other than
consents previously obtained. No authorization, approval or consent, and no registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority is
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement or the related agreements and documents and the
Transactions by Buyer. 

(e) Legal
Proceedings . There is no: (i) Legal Proceeding pending or threatened against Buyer that seeks to restrain, enjoin or delay the consummation
of this Agreement or the Transactions or that seeks damages in connection therewith; or (ii) judgment, decree, injunction, rule, or order
of any Governmental Authority applicable to Buyer or its businesses that has had or is reasonably likely to have, either individually
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) Compliance
with Laws . Without limiting the scope of any other representation in this Agreement, Buyer and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance
and has at all times within the past five years been in material compliance with all Laws, judgments or governmental authorizations applicable
to it or to the conduct of its business or the ownership or use of any of its properties or assets, except as disclosed in the Filed Reports
and for any such defaults or violations or instances of non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on Buyer. Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries has received at any time within the past five years any written notice or other
written communication, or to the Knowledge of Buyer, any other notice, from any Governmental Authority or any other Person regarding any
actual, alleged or potential violation of, or failure to comply with, any applicable material Law, judgment or governmental authorization,
any actual or threatened revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or modification of any material governmental authorization,
or any actual, alleged or potential obligation on the part of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to undertake, or to bear all or any portion
of the cost of, any material remedial action of any nature, except as disclosed in the Filed Reports. 

17 

(g) Purchase
Price Stock . 

(i) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, (A) there are no equity interests of any class of Buyer authorized, issued, reserved for issuance
or outstanding, (B) there are no options, warrants, equity interests, calls, rights or other contracts to which Buyer or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party or by which Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries is bound obligating Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to issue, exchange,
transfer, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, exchanged, transferred, delivered or sold, additional equity interests of Buyer or any
of its Subsidiaries, or obligating Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries to grant, extend, accelerate the vesting of, change the price of,
otherwise modify or amend or enter into any such option, warrant, equity interest, call, right, or contract, (C) there are no outstanding
or authorized stock appreciation, phantom stock, profit participation or similar rights with respect to Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries,
and (D) no holder of Indebtedness of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries has any right to convert or exchange such Indebtedness for
any equity interests of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries. No holder of Indebtedness of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries has any rights
to vote for the election of directors of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries or to vote on any other matter, except upon conversion thereof
into equity interests of Buyer. 

(ii) All
of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock have been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable
and not subject to or issued in violation of any purchase option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any
similar right. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Buyer, the issued and outstanding equity interests of each
subsidiary of Buyer and Buyer s outstanding options have been issued in compliance in all material respects with all applicable
Laws. 

(iii) Any
Purchase Price Stock delivered in accordance with this Agreement shall be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable,
and free and clear of any Liens . 

(iv) Except
as disclosed in the SEC Reports, there are no obligations, contingent or otherwise, of Buyer or any of its subsidiaries to repurchase,
redeem or otherwise acquire any equity interests of Buyer or any of its subsidiaries. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, neither
Buyer nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any obligation or requirement to provide funds to or make any investment (in the form
of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in any subsidiary or any other Person (other than intercompany obligations). 

(h) Independent
Investigation . Buyer has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of the business, results of operations,
prospects, condition (financial or otherwise) or assets of the Company, and acknowledges that it has been provided adequate access to
the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books and records, and other documents and data of the Sellers and the Company for such purpose.
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Transactions, Buyer
has relied solely upon its own investigation and the express representations and warranties of the Sellers set forth in Sections 3.1 and
4 of this Agreement (including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules); and (b) none of the Sellers, the Company or any other
Person has made any representation or warranty as to the Sellers, the Company or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth in Section
3.1 and 4 of this Agreement (including the related portions of the Disclosure Schedules) or the representations and warranties contained
in any certificate delivered by the Sellers or the Company hereunder. 

18 

(i) Adequacy
of Funds . Buyer has, and will have prior to and at the Closing adequate financial resources
to satisfy its monetary and other obligations under this Agreement including the obligation to pay the Purchase Price in accordance herewith. 

(j) No
Integrated Offering . Neither Buyer, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its
or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under
circumstances that would cause this offering of Common Stock to be integrated with prior offerings by Buyer for purposes of: (x) the Securities
Act which would require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act, or (y) any applicable shareholder approval provisions
of any trading market on which any of the securities of Buyer are listed or designated. 

(k) SEC
Documents; Financial Statements . Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports: 

(i) Buyer
has timely filed or furnished all registration statements, prospectuses, forms, reports, schedules, statements and other documents (including
exhibits and other information incorporated therein) required to be filed or furnished by it with the SEC since January 1, 2020 (the
 SEC Reports other than Buyer s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021. The SEC Reports (after giving effect to all amendments thereto) were prepared
in all material respects in accordance with the requirements of the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act, as the case may be,
and all applicable rules and regulations thereunder. To the Knowledge of Buyer, none of the SEC Reports is the subject of ongoing SEC
review and there are no inquiries or investigations by the SEC or any internal investigations pending or threatened, in each case regarding
any accounting practices of Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries. The SEC Reports, at the time filed or, in the case of registration statements,
at each date of effectiveness, complied in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act, the Securities
Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as it may be amended from time to time (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ),
applicable to such SEC Report, and, at the time filed or, in the case of registration statements, at each date of effectiveness, did not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. As of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date, and except
to the extent that information contained in any SEC Report has been revised, amended, supplemented or superseded by a later-filed SEC
Report, none of the SEC Reports contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they
were made or will be made, not misleading. No Subsidiary of Buyer is required to file any reports or other documents with the SEC. 

19 

(ii) The
consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports (including, in each case, any related notes thereto): (i) complied
as to form in all material respects with the applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC applicable
thereto; (ii) were prepared in accordance with GAAP, except as may be indicated in the notes to such consolidated financial statements
and except that the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports do not contain footnotes as permitted
by Form 10-Q of the Securities Exchange Act; and (iii) fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position
of Buyer as of the respective dates thereof and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Buyer for the periods covered
thereby, except that the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements contained in the SEC Reports were or are subject to normal
year-end audit adjustments, the effect of which will not, individually or in the aggregate, be material. No financial statements of any
Person other than Buyer and its Subsidiaries are required by GAAP to be included in the financial statements of Buyer. 

(iii) Buyer
maintains, and at all times since March 31, 2021 has maintained, a system of internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) sufficient to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP, and includes those policies
and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of Buyer and its Subsidiaries; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Buyer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of Buyer and its Subsidiaries that would have a material
effect on the financial statements. Buyer s management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of Buyer s system
of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and such assessment concluded that such controls were effective and Buyer s independent registered
accountant has issued (and not subsequently withdrawn or qualified) an attestation report concluding that Buyer maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2021. Each of the principal executive officer (as defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act)
of Buyer and the principal financial officer (as defined under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) of Buyer (or each former principal executive officer
of Buyer and each former principal financial officer of Buyer, as applicable) has made all certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14
under the Securities Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the SEC Reports, and the statements
contained in such certifications are true and correct. Since March 31, 2021, none of Buyer, the board of directors of Buyer and the audit
committee of the board of directors of Buyer has identified or received notice of any: (i) significant deficiency or material weakness
(each as defined Auditing Standard No. 5 of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, as in effect on the date of this Agreement)
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting utilized by Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) any illegal
act or fraud, whether or not material, that involves Buyer s senior management and relates to accounting or auditing practices or
procedures; or (iii) any claim or allegation regarding any of the foregoing. Neither Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries have outstanding,
or have arranged any outstanding, extensions of credit to directors or executive officers within the meaning of Section 402
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

20 

(iv) Buyer
maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Securities Exchange Act) that are designed
to ensure that all information required to be disclosed in Buyer s reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that all such
information is accumulated and communicated to Buyer s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure
and to enable each of the principal executive officer of Buyer and the principal financial officer of Buyer to make the certifications
required under the Securities Exchange Act with respect to such reports. Buyer is in compliance in all material respects with all current
listing and corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Global Market applicable to it. 

(v) Neither
Buyer nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or has any obligation or other commitment to become a party to any joint venture, securitization
transaction, off-balance sheet partnership or any similar contract (including any contract relating to any transaction or relationship
between or among Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured finance,
special purpose or limited purpose entity, on the other hand, or any off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in Item 303(a)
of Regulation S-K under the Securities Exchange Act)) where the result, purpose or intended effect of such contract is to avoid disclosure
of any material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, Buyer or any of its Subsidiaries in Buyer s or any of its Subsidiaries 
published financial statements, the SEC Reports or any other document furnished or filed with the SEC. 

(l) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC Report filed prior to the date hereof: (i) there has been no event,
occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect to Buyer, (ii) Buyer
has not incurred any material liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in Buyer s financial
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the SEC, (iii) Buyer has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) Buyer
has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any
agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) Buyer has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director
or Affiliate other than in the Ordinary Course of Business. Buyer does not have pending before the SEC any request for confidential treatment
of information. Except for the issuance of the Common Stock contemplated by this Agreement, no event, liability, fact, circumstance,
occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect to Buyer or its subsidiaries
or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by Buyer
under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least
two (2) trading days prior to the date that this representation is made. 

21 

(m) Non-Public
Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement,
Buyer covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its behalf, will provide any Seller or its agents or counsel
with any information that Buyer believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Seller shall have entered
into a written agreement with Buyer regarding the confidentiality and use of such information; provided, however, that this Section 3.2(m)
shall not apply to information provided to any Seller in such Seller s capacity as an employee of, or consultant to, Buyer or any
of its Subsidiaries in the course of such Seller s employment or consultancy. Buyer understands and confirms that each
Seller shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of Buyer. 

Section 4. Representations
and Warranties Concerning Target . Each Seller, severally and not jointly, represents and warrants to Buyer that the statements contained
in this Section 4 are correct and complete as of the date of this Agreement and on the Closing Date, except as set forth in the disclosure
schedules delivered by Sellers to Buyer on the date hereof and incorporated by this reference herein (the Disclosure Schedules ). 

4.1 Organization,
Qualification, and Organizational Power . Target is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization. Target is duly authorized to conduct business and is in good standing (with respect
to jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good standing) under the laws of each jurisdiction where such qualification is required,
except where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
Target has full corporate power and authority and all licenses, permits, and authorizations necessary to carry on the businesses in which
it is engaged and in which it presently proposes to engage and to own and use the properties owned and used by it. Section 4.1 of
the Disclosure Schedule lists the managers, directors and officers of Target. The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct
and complete copies of the charter and operating agreement for Target (as amended to date). To the Knowledge of Sellers, the minute books
(containing the records of meetings of the Managers and Members, and any committees), the equity certificate books, and the equity record
books for Target are correct and complete. Target is not in default under or in violation of any provision of its governing documents. 

4.2 Capitalization .
The entire authorized equity of Target consists of 1,016,667 Units, of which 1,016,667 Units are issued and outstanding and no Units are
held in treasury. All of the issued and outstanding Equity have been duly authorized, are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable,
and are held of record by Sellers. There are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion
rights, exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require Target to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding
any of its equity. There are no outstanding or authorized appreciation, phantom, profit participation, or similar rights with respect
to Target. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect to the voting of the equity of Target. 

22 

4.3 Non-contravention .
Except as set forth in Section 4.3 of the Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution and the delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation
of the Transactions, will (a) violate any constitution, statute, regulation, rule, injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, charge,
or other restriction of any government, governmental agency, or court to which Target is subject or any provision of the charter or bylaws
of Target or (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default under, result in the acceleration of, create in any party
the right to accelerate, terminate, modify, or cancel, or require any notice under any agreement, contract, lease, license, instrument,
or other arrangement to which Target is a party or by which it is bound or to which any of its assets is subject (or result in the imposition
of any Lien upon any of its assets). Target does not need to give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, consent,
or approval of any government or governmental agency in order for the Parties to consummate the Transactions. 

4.4 Brokers 
Fees . Target has no Liability to pay any fees or commissions to any Broker, finder, or agent with respect to the Transactions. 

4.5 Title
to Assets . Target has good and marketable title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, the properties and material assets (or in the
case of agreements of the Target, good title to all such agreements) used by it, located on its premises, or shown on the Most Recent
Balance Sheet or acquired after the date thereof, free and clear of all Liens, except for properties and assets disposed of in the Ordinary
Course of Business since the date of the Most Recent Balance Sheet. 

4.6 No
Subsidiaries, Voting Trust or Phantom Equity . Target has no Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding appreciation, phantom, profit participation,
preemptive or similar rights with respect to Target. There are no voting trusts, proxies, or other agreements or understandings with respect
to the voting of any equity of Target. Target does not control directly or indirectly or have any direct or indirect equity participation
in any corporation, partnership, trust, or other business association. Target does not own or have any right to acquire, directly or indirectly,
any outstanding capital stock of, or other equity interests in, any Person. 

4.7 Financial
Statements . Complete copies of the following Target financial statements have been provided to Buyer (collectively the Financial
Statements ): (i) unaudited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members equity, and cash flow as
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019; (ii) audited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members 
equity, and cash flow as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 (the Most Recent Fiscal Year End );
and (iii) unaudited balance sheets and statements of income, changes in members equity, and cash flow (the Most
Recent Financial Statements as of and for the month ended September 30, 2021 (the Most Recent Fiscal Month
End for Target. The Financial Statements (including the notes thereto) were prepared in good faith based on the books and
records of Target. The Financial Statements present fairly the financial condition of Target as of such dates and the results of operations
of Target for such periods, are correct and complete in all material respects, and in all material respects are consistent with the books
and records of Target (which books and records are correct and complete in all material respects) except, in case of the Most Recent Financial
Statements, subject to normal year-end adjustment. 

23 

4.8 Events
Subsequent to Most Recent Month End . Except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Schedule, since the Most Recent Fiscal Month
End, there has not been any Material Adverse Effect with respect to Target or Target s business or operations. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, since that date, except as set forth in Section 4.8 of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(a) Target
has not sold, leased, transferred, or assigned any of its material assets, tangible or intangible, other than for a fair consideration
in the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(b) Target
has not entered into any material agreement, contract, lease, or license (or series of related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses)
either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(c) no
party (including Target) has accelerated, terminated, modified, or cancelled any material agreement, contract, lease, or license (or series
of related agreements, contracts, leases, and licenses) to which Target is a party or by which it is bound; 

(d) Target
has not imposed any Liens upon any of its assets, tangible or intangible; 

(e) Target
has not made any capital expenditure (or series of related capital expenditures) either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(f) Target
has not made any capital investment in, any loan to, or any acquisition of the securities or assets of, any other Person (or series of
related capital investments, loans, and acquisitions) either involving more than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(g) Target
has not issued any note, bond, or other debt security or created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed money
or capitalized lease obligation either involving more than 25,000 singly or 50,000 in the aggregate; 

(h) Target
has not delayed or postponed the payment of accounts payable and other Liabilities outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(i) Target
has not cancelled, compromised, waived, or released any right or claim (or series of related rights and claims) either involving more
than 50,000 or outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(j) Target
has not transferred, assigned, or granted any license or sublicense of any material rights under or with respect to any Intellectual Property
other than in the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(k) there
has been no change made or authorized in the governing documents of Target; 

(l) Target
has not issued, sold, or otherwise disposed of any of its equity, or granted any options, warrants, or other rights to purchase or obtain
(including upon conversion, exchange, or exercise) any of its equity; 

24 

(m) Target
has not declared, set aside, or paid any dividend or made any distribution with respect to its equity (whether in cash or in kind) or
redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired any of its equity (other than tax distributions to Sellers made in the Ordinary
Course of Business); 

(n) Target
has not experienced any material damage, destruction, or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) to its property; 

(o) Target
has not made any loan to, or entered into any other transaction with, any of its directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(p) Target
has not entered into or terminated any employment contract or any collective bargaining agreement, written or oral, or materially modified
the terms of any existing such contract or agreement outside the Ordinary Course of Business or become bound by any collective bargaining
relationship; 

(q) Target
has not granted any increase in the base compensation of any of its directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary Course of
Business; 

(r) Target
has not adopted, materially amended, materially modified, or terminated any bonus, profit sharing, incentive, severance, or other plan,
contract, or commitment for the benefit of any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees (or taken any such action with respect
to any other Employee Benefit Plan); 

(s) Target
has not made any other material change in employment terms for any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees outside the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

(t) Target
has not implemented any employee layoffs that could implicate the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, as amended,
or any similar state, local, or non-U.S. law, regulation, or ordinance (collectively the WARN Act in each case,
without complying therewith; 

(u) Target
has not made or pledged to make any charitable or other capital contribution outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(v) Other
than the transfer of certain assets of Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC to Target on or prior to the Closing Date, there
has not been any other material occurrence, event, incident, action, failure to act, or transaction outside the Ordinary Course of Business
involving Target; 

(w) Target
has not discharged a material Liability or Lien outside the Ordinary Course of Business; 

(x) Target
has not made (A) any loans in any amount or (B) any advances of money other than advances to employees of less than 10,000 in the Ordinary
Course of Business; 

25 

(y) Target
has not disclosed any material Confidential Information to any party except pursuant to a valid confidentiality agreement or to Target s
members, directors, officers, employees, auditors, attorneys, representatives or agents, in each case who have legitimate need
to know and 

(z) Target
has not committed to do any of the foregoing except as expressly required by this Agreement. 

4.9 Undisclosed
Liabilities . Except as set forth in Section 4.9 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has no material Liability (and to the Knowledge
of Sellers there is no Basis for any present or future action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or
demand against any of them giving rise to any material Liability), except for (a) Liabilities reflected, reserved against or otherwise
disclosed in the Most Recent Balance Sheet, (b) Liabilities that have arisen after the Most Recent Fiscal Month End in the Ordinary
Course of Business (none of which results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused by any breach of contract,
breach of warranty, tort, infringement, or violation of law), (c) Liabilities arising in connection with the Transactions, (d) Liabilities
to be included in the computation of Transaction Expenses or Indebtedness as of the Closing, and (e) Liabilities to be included in the
computation of Closing Working Capital. 

4.10 Legal
Compliance . Since January 1, 2018, except as set forth in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has complied in all material
respects with all applicable laws (including rules, regulations, codes, plans, injunctions, judgments, orders, decrees, rulings, and charges
thereunder and including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, 15 U.S.C. 78dd-1 et seq.) of federal, state, local, and non-U.S. governments
and all agencies thereof. Since January 1, 2016, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice has
been filed or commenced or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against any of them alleging any failure so to comply. 

4.11 Tax
Matters . 

(a) Target
has timely filed all Tax Returns that it was required to file under applicable laws and regulations. All such Tax Returns were correct
and complete in all material respects. All Taxes due and owing by Target (whether or not shown on any Tax Return) have been timely paid.
Except as set forth in Section 4.11 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target currently is not the beneficiary of any extension of time within
which to file any Tax Return. No written claim has ever been made by an authority in a jurisdiction where Target does not file Tax Returns
that Target is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction. There are no Liens for Taxes (other than Taxes not yet due and payable)
upon any of the stock or assets of Target. 

(b) Target
has withheld and paid all Taxes required to have been withheld and paid in connection with any amounts paid or owing to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, stockholder, or other third party, and all Tax forms, including IRS Forms W-2 and 1099 required with
respect thereto have been properly completed and timely filed. 

26 

(c) No
federal, state, local, or non-U.S. tax audits or administrative or judicial Tax proceedings are pending or being conducted with respect
to Target. Target has not during the past three years received from any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. taxing authority (including
jurisdictions where Target has not filed Tax Returns) any written notice of deficiency or proposed adjustment for any amount of Tax proposed,
asserted, or assessed by any taxing authority against Target. Section 4.11(c) of the Disclosure Schedule lists all federal, state,
local, and non-U.S. income Tax Returns that have been audited and indicates those Tax Returns that currently are the subject of audit.
No Seller or director or officer has been contacted in writing regarding the potential examination of Tax Returns or the assessment of
any additional Taxes. Sellers have delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of all federal income Tax Returns, examination reports,
and statements of deficiencies assessed against or agreed to by Target filed or received since January 1, 2018. 

(d) Target
has not waived any statute of limitations in respect of Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax assessment or deficiency,
which waiver or extension remains in effect. 

(e) Target
has not been a United States real property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)(2) during the applicable
period specified in Code Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii). Target is not a party to or bound by any Tax allocation or sharing agreement.
Target (A) has not been a member of an Affiliated Group filing a consolidated federal income Tax Return (other than a group the common
parent of which was Target) or (B) has any liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than Target) under Reg. Section 1.1502-6
(or any similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. law), as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise. Target has not participated
in a reportable transaction within the meaning of Code Section 6111 or 6662. 

(f) Target
will not be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or
portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of any: 

(i) change
in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(ii) closing
agreement as described in Code Section 7121 (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. income
Tax law) executed on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(iii) intercompany
transaction or excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations under Code Section 1502 (or any corresponding or similar provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. income Tax law); 

(iv) installment
sale or open transaction disposition made on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(v) prepaid
amount received on or prior to the Closing Date; 

(vi) election
under Code Section 108(i); or 

(vii) use
of an improper method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date. 

27 

(g) Target
has not distributed stock of another Person, or has had its stock distributed by another Person, in a transaction that was purported or
intended to be governed in whole or in part by Code Section 355 or Code Section 361. 

(h) Target
is not and has not been a party to any reportable transaction, as defined in Code Section 6707A(c)(1) and Reg. Section 1.6011-4(b). 

(i) Except
as set forth in Section 4.11(i) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has not received any private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (or any comparable ruling from any other taxing authority). 

(j) Target
is not party to any Tax allocation or Tax sharing agreement, is not bound by any such agreement, and is not required to make any payment
pursuant to any such agreement. 

(k) Target
does not have a permanent establishment (within the meaning of an applicable Tax treaty) or otherwise have an office or fixed place of
business in a country other than the country in which it is organized. 

(l) Target
is not a party to any agreement, contract, arrangement, or plan that has resulted or would result, separately or in the aggregate, in
the payment of any excess parachute payment within the meaning of Code Section 280G (or any corresponding provision
of state, local, or non-U.S. Tax Law) in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

(m) Target
has not received any benefits (including any loans) under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act. 

(n) Target
has never been an S corporation within the meaning of Code Section 1361 or a qualified subchapter S subsidiary within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.1361-2. 

(o) Target
has collected and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authorities all Taxes payable with respect to services provided, or tangible
personal property transferred, to its customers. 

(p) Target
has timely, accurately, and completely filed (i) all FinCEN Forms 114 (or predecessor forms) that it was required to file and (ii) all
other federal, state local, or foreign information returns that it was required to file (or provide to any other Person). 

(q) Except
as indicated at Section 4.11(q) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has correctly classified each individual who has provided services
to the Company as an employee or independent contractor for Tax purposes. 

(r) To
the extent applicable under and consistent with Target s usual method of accounting, Target s unpaid Taxes (i) did not, as
of the most recent fiscal month end, exceed the reserve for Tax liability (rather than any reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect
timing differences between book and Tax income) set forth on the face of the most recent balance sheet (rather than in any notes thereto)
and (ii) do not exceed that reserve as adjusted for the passage of time through the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and
practice of Target in filing its Tax Returns. 

28 

4.12 Real
Property . 

(a) Section 4.12
of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and correct list of all real property owned or leased by the Company or otherwise occupied
by the Company and lists each lease (the Company Real Properties ). 

(b) All
leases of Company Real Property under which the Company, as lessee, leases any material Company Real Property (each, a Lease ),
are valid, binding and enforceable against the Company in accordance with their respective terms, and the Company has a valid leasehold
interests to all material Company Real Property leased by it, there is not under any such Lease any material existing default by the Company
or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, any other party thereto, or any event which with notice or lapse of time would constitute such a material
default, and all rent and other sums and charges due and payable under such lease have been paid. 

(c) There
are no Persons in possession of any portion of any of the Company Real Property owned or leased by the Company other than the Company,
and no Person other than the Company has the right to use or occupy for any purpose any portion of any of the Company Real Property owned
or leased by the Company, except in each case as would not, individually or in the aggregate, impair in any material respect the Company s
use of such Company Real Property. 

(d) The
Transactions do not require the consent of any other party to such Lease which has not been delivered to Buyer, will not result in a breach
of or default under such Lease, and will not otherwise cause such lease to cease to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable and in full
force and effect on identical terms following the Closing. 

(e) Target s
possession and quiet enjoyment of the Company Real Property under such Lease has not been disturbed and there are no material disputes
with respect to such Lease. 

(f) Target
has not subleased, licensed or otherwise granted any Person the right to use or occupy the Company Real Property or any portion thereof. 

(g) There
are no Liens on the Company Real Property. 

4.13 Intellectual
Property . 

(a) At
Closing, Target will own and possess or have the right to access and use pursuant to a valid and enforceable written license, sublicense,
agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission all Intellectual Property necessary or desirable for the operation of the business of Target
as presently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each material item of Intellectual Property owned, accessed, or used
by Target immediately prior to the Closing will be owned or available for access and use by Target on identical terms and conditions immediately
subsequent to the Closing. Target has taken all commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect each item of Intellectual Property
that it currently owns or uses. 

29 

(b) Except
as set forth in Section 4.13(b) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target is not interfering with, infringing upon, diluting, misappropriating,
or otherwise coming into conflict with, any Intellectual Property rights of third parties which would result in a Material Adverse Effect
and none of the Sellers has received any charge, complaint, claim, demand, or notice alleging any such interference, infringement, misappropriation,
dilution, or conflict (including any claim that Target must license or refrain from accessing or using any Intellectual Property rights
of any third party) which would have resulted in a Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of Sellers, no third party has interfered
with, infringed upon, diluted, misappropriated, or otherwise come into conflict with, any Intellectual Property rights of Target. 

(c) Section 4.13(c)
of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a complete and accurate list of all United States and foreign patents, trademarks, domain names,
registered copyrights, or any other registration that has been issued to Target with respect to any of its Intellectual Property, identifies
each pending application or registration that Target has made with respect to any of its Intellectual Property, and identifies each license,
sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or other permission that Target has granted to any third party with respect to any of its
Intellectual Property (together with any exceptions). The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of
all such patents, registrations, applications, licenses, sublicenses, agreements, covenants not to sue, and permissions (as amended to
date) and has made available to Buyer correct and complete copies of all other written documentation evidencing ownership and prosecution
(if applicable) of each such item. Section 4.13(c) of the Disclosure Schedule also identifies each material unregistered trademark,
service mark, logo, slogan, trade name, corporate name, Internet domain name, or other source identifier, computer software item (other
than commercially available off-the-shelf software purchased or licensed for less than a total cost of 5,000) and each material unregistered
copyright used by Target in connection with its business. With respect to each item of Intellectual Property required to be identified
in Section 4.13(c) of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(i) Target
owns and possesses all right, title, and interest in and to the item, free and clear of any Lien, license, or other restriction or limitation
regarding access, use, or disclosure except for such as would not result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

(ii) the
item is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge; and 

(iii) no
action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint, claim, or demand is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers is threatened
that challenges the legality, validity, enforceability, access, use, or ownership of the item, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, there
are no grounds for the same; 

30 

(d) Section 4.13(d)
of the Disclosure Schedule identifies each item of Intellectual Property that is a motion picture or episode of a television series that
any third party owns that is material to Target and that Target accesses or uses pursuant to license, sublicense, agreement, covenant
not to sue, or permission. The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of all such licenses, sublicenses,
agreements, covenants not to sue, and permissions (each as amended to date). With respect to each item of Intellectual Property identified
in Section 4.13(d) of the Disclosure Schedule: 

(i) the
license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission covering the item is legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full
force and effect; 

(ii) the
license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission will continue to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full
force and effect on identical terms following consummation of the Transactions; 

(iii) no
party to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission is in material breach or default, and to the Knowledge
of any of Seller, no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time would constitute a material breach or default or permit termination,
modification, or acceleration thereunder; 

(iv) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, no party to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission has repudiated any provision
thereof; 

(v) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, with respect to each sublicense, the representations and warranties set forth in Subsections 4.13(a) through
4.13(d) above are true and correct with respect to the underlying license; 

(vi) to
the Knowledge of Sellers, the underlying item of Intellectual Property is not subject to any outstanding injunction, judgment, order,
decree, ruling, or charge; 

(vii) except
as set forth in Section 4.13(d)(vii) of the Disclosure Schedule, no action, suit, proceeding, hearing, investigation, charge, complaint,
claim, or demand is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, is threatened that challenges the legality, validity, or enforceability of
the underlying item of Intellectual Property, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no grounds for the same; and 

(viii) except
as set forth in Section 4.13(d)(viii) of the Disclosure Schedule, Target has not granted any sublicense or similar right with respect
to the license, sublicense, agreement, covenant not to sue, or permission. 

(e) To
the Knowledge of Sellers, Target has taken all commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect all of the Intellectual Property
of Target. To the Knowledge of Sellers, the owners of any of the Intellectual Property licensed to, or used by, Target have taken all
commercially reasonable actions to maintain and protect the Intellectual Property. 

(f) Sellers
and Target have complied with, and are presently in compliance with, all federal, state, local, and non-U.S. governmental (including,
but not limited to, the Federal Trade Commission and State Attorneys General), administrative, or regulatory laws, regulations, guidelines,
and rules applicable to any Intellectual Property or to personal information, except for such failure to comply as would not result in
a Material Adverse Effect. 

31 

(g) Each
current and former employee, consultant, director, officer and independent contractor of the Target who has created any portion of, or
otherwise who would have any rights in or to, the Intellectual Property owned by Target, has entered into a valid and enforceable written
agreement assigning to the Target all Intellectual Property created by such Person in the course of such Person s employment by
or engagement with the Target. To the Knowledge of Sellers, no current or former employee, consultant, or independent contractor of the
Target is in violation of such agreement. 

(h) Target
has not disclosed or delivered to any escrow agent or any other Person any of the source code relating to any Intellectual Property of
Target, and no other Person has the right, contingent or otherwise, to obtain access to or use any such source code. 

(i) The
Intellectual Property of Target does not contain any computer code designed to disrupt, disable or harm in any manner the operation of
any software or hardware. The Intellectual Property of Target contains no unauthorized feature (including any worm, bomb, backdoor, clock,
timer or other disabling device, code, design or routine) that causes the software or any portion thereof to be erased, inoperable or
otherwise incapable of being used, either automatically, with the passage of time or upon command by any party. 

(j) Except
as set forth on Section 4.13(j) of the Disclosure Schedule, all Publicly Available Software used by Target has been used in its entirety
and without modification. No Intellectual Property of Target is subject to any license terms that (i) require, or condition the use or
distribution of any Intellectual Property of Target on the disclosure, licensing or distribution of any source code for any portion of
such Intellectual Property or (ii) otherwise impose any limitation, restriction or condition on the right or ability of Target to use
or distribute any Intellectual Property of Target. Publicly Available Software means each of (i) any software that
contains, or is derived in any manner (in whole or in part) from, any software that is distributed as free software, open source software,
or pursuant to similar licensing and distribution models; and (ii) any software that requires as a condition of use, modification, and/or
distribution of such software that such software or other software incorporated into, derived from, or distributed with such software
(a) be disclosed or distributed in source code form; (b) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) be redistributable
at no or minimal charge. 

(k) Target
has not transferred ownership of, or granted any license with respect to, any Intellectual Property of Target to any Person. 

4.14 Tangible
Assets . Target owns or leases all buildings, machinery, equipment, and other material tangible assets necessary for the conduct of
their business as presently conducted and as presently proposed to be conducted. Each such material tangible asset is free from defects
(patent and latent), has been maintained in accordance with normal industry practice, is in good operating condition and repair (subject
to normal wear and tear), and is suitable for the purposes for which it presently is used and presently is proposed to be used. 

32 

4.15 Contracts .
Section 4.15 of the Disclosure Schedule lists the following contracts and other agreements to which Target is a party (collectively,
the Material Contracts ): 

(a) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) for the lease of personal property to or from any Person providing for lease payments in excess
of 50,000 per annum; 

(b) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) for the purchase or sale of products, or other personal property, or for the furnishing or
receipt of services, the performance of which will involve consideration in excess of 50,000; 

(c) any
partnership or joint venture agreement; 

(d) any
agreement (or group of related agreements) under which it has created, incurred, assumed, or guaranteed any indebtedness for borrowed
money, or any capitalized lease obligation, in excess of 25,000 or under which it has imposed a Lien on any of its assets, tangible or
intangible; 

(e) any
agreement concerning non-competition not otherwise disclosed in the Disclosure Schedule; 

(f) any
agreement with any Seller or his or her Affiliates (other than Target); 

(g) any
profit sharing, option, purchase, appreciation, deferred compensation, severance, or other material plan or arrangement for the benefit
of its current or former managers, directors, officers, and employees; 

(h) any
collective bargaining agreement; 

(i) any
agreement for the employment of any individual on a full-time, part-time, consulting, or other basis providing for annual compensation
in excess of 100,000 or providing severance benefits in excess of 10,000 or contracts providing for any payments on the change of control
or ownership of the Target, its Affiliates, or any employer of any employee which could reasonably be expected to trigger IRS Code Section
280G, or providing for deferred compensation. 

(j) any
agreement under which it has advanced or loaned any amount to any of its managers, directors, officers, and employees; 

(k) any
agreement under which the consequences of a default or termination could have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(l) any
settlement, conciliation or similar agreement with any Governmental Authority or which will require satisfaction of any obligations after
the date of this Agreement; 

(m) any
agreement under which Target has advanced or loaned any other Person amounts in the aggregate exceeding 25,000; or 

(n) any
other written agreement (or group of related written agreements) the performance of which involves consideration in excess of 100,000. 

33 

The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer
a correct and complete copy of each Material Contract. With respect to each such Material Contract: (A) the agreement is legal, valid,
binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the agreement will continue to be legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and
in full force and effect on identical terms following the consummation of the Transactions; (C) except as set forth in Section 4.15
of the Disclosure Schedule, the Company is not, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, the other party is not in material breach or default,
and no event has occurred that with notice or lapse of time would constitute a material breach or default, or permit termination, modification
or acceleration under the agreement; and (D) to the Knowledge of Sellers, no party has repudiated any provision of the agreement.
Target is not a party to any material oral agreement. 

4.16 Accounts
Receivable . All accounts receivable of Target are reflected properly on its books and records, are valid receivables subject to no
setoffs or counterclaims, are current and collectible in full within ninety (90) days after billing, subject only to the reserve for bad
debts set forth on the face of the Most Recent Balance Sheet (rather than in any notes thereto) as adjusted for the passage of time through
the Closing Date in accordance with the past custom and practice of Target. 

4.17 Powers
of Attorney . To the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no outstanding powers of attorney executed by or on behalf of Target. 

4.18 Insurance .
Section 4.18 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth the following information with respect to each material insurance policy (including
policies providing property, casualty, liability, and workers compensation coverage and bond and surety arrangements) to which
Target has been a party, a named insured, or otherwise the beneficiary of coverage at any time within the past 3 years: 

(a) the
name of the insurer, the name of the policyholder, and the name of each covered insured; 

(b) the
policy number and the period of coverage; and 

(c) a
description of any retroactive premium adjustments or other loss-sharing arrangements. 

With respect to each such insurance policy: (A) the
policy is legal, valid, binding, enforceable, and in full force and effect; (B) the policy will continue to be legal, valid, binding,
enforceable, and in full force and effect on identical terms following the consummation of the Transactions; (C) neither Target nor, to
the Knowledge of Sellers, any other party to the policy is in material breach or default (including with respect to the payment of premiums
or the giving of notices), and no event has occurred that, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such a material breach or
default, or permit termination, modification, or acceleration, under the policy; and (D) to the Knowledge of Sellers, no party to
the policy has repudiated any provision thereof. Target has been covered during the past three (3) years by insurance in scope and
amount customary and reasonable for the businesses in which it has been engaged during the aforementioned period. Section 4.18 of
the Disclosure Schedule describes any material self-insurance arrangements affecting Target. 

34 

4.19 
 Litigation . Section 4.19 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth each instance in which Target (a) is subject to
any outstanding injunction, judgment, order, decree, ruling, or charge or (b) is a party or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, is threatened
to be made a party to any action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation of, in, or before (or that could come before) any court
or quasi-judicial or administrative agency of any federal, state, local, or non-U.S. jurisdiction or before (or that could come before)
any arbitrator, which if adversely determined, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. There is no action pending, or to the Knowledge
of Sellers, threatened against Target that (x) challenges or seeks to enjoin, alter or materially delay the Transactions or (y) would
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.20 
 Employees . 

(a) 
 With respect to the business of Target: 

(i) 
 there is no collective bargaining agreement or relationship with any labor organization; 

(ii) 
 to the Knowledge of Sellers, no executive or manager of Target (1) has any present intention to terminate his or her employment,
or (2) is a party to any confidentiality, non-competition, proprietary rights or other such agreement between such employee and any Person
besides such entity that would be material to the performance of such employee s employment duties, or the ability of such entity
or Buyer to conduct the business of such entity; 

(iii) 
 no labor organization or group of employees has filed any representation petition or made any written or oral demand for recognition; 

(iv) 
 to the Knowledge of Sellers, no union organizing or decertification efforts are underway or threatened and no other question concerning
representation exists; 

(v) 
 no labor strike, work stoppage, slowdown, or other material labor dispute has occurred, and none is underway or, to the Knowledge
of Sellers, threatened; 

(vi) 
 to the Knowledge of Sellers, there is no workman s compensation liability, experience or matter outside the Ordinary Course
of Business; 

(vii) 
 there is no employment-related charge, filed written complaint, written grievance, investigation, inquiry or obligation of any
kind, pending or to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened in any forum, relating to an alleged violation or breach by Target (or its or
their officers or directors) of any employment-related law, regulation or contract; and, 

(viii) 
 to the Knowledge of Sellers, no employee or agent of Target has committed any act or omission that would give rise to material
liability for any violation or breach of the type identified in subsection (vii) above. 

35 

(b) 
 To the extent permissible under applicable Law, Section 4.20 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth, for each employee, officer
and individual who is an independent contractor of Target as of the date hereof, his or her (i) name, (ii) rate of pay or annual compensation
(including actual or potential bonus payments and the terms of any commission payments or programs), (iii) title(s) (including whether
full-time or part-time), (iv) status of employment or engagement, (v) date of hire or engagement, (vi) annual vacation, sick and other
paid time off allowance, (vii) amount of accrued vacation, sick and other paid time off and the economic value thereof, (viii) description
of other fringe benefits, (ix) terms of severance benefits, (x) status as independent contractor or employee, (xi) status as exempt or
non-exempt, and (xii) work visa status. Target is in material compliance with all Laws regarding classification of each individual currently
or formerly performing services for Target in the past seven (7) years as an employee or an independent contractor. Target has never leased
any employees from any other Person. 

(c) 
 Except as set forth in Section 4.20 of the Disclosure Schedule, (i) there are no employees of Target, (ii) there are
no written employment contracts or severance agreements with any employees of Target, and (iii) there are no written personnel policies,
rules, or procedures applicable to employees of Target. True and complete copies of all such documents have been provided to Buyer prior
to the date of this Agreement. Target has adequately reserved an amount sufficient to pay any amounts due to employees through the Closing
Date pursuant to the bonus arrangements set forth on Schedule 4.21 in the Most Recent Financial Statements. 

(d) 
 To the Knowledge of Sellers, no employee, officer or independent contractor of Target is in material violation of any term of any
employment, consulting, independent contractor, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, or inventions assignment agreement.
Target is and for three (3) years prior hereto has been in material compliance with all applicable Laws with respect to any aspect of
the employment or engagement of its employees, officers and independent contractors, including with respect to employment practices, terms
and conditions of employment, wage and hours, hiring practices, background checks, parental and family leave and pay, immigration, non-discrimination
in employment, workers compensation and the health and safety at work of its employees, including under the Immigration Reform and Control
Act, and there are no claims pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened by any Person in respect of employment or engagement,
any accident or injury or any unsatisfied obligations by Target. All employees and independent contractors have the legal right to perform
services for Target in accordance with local immigration, work permit and similar applicable Laws and regulations. 

(e) 
 With respect to this Transaction, any notice required under any law or collective bargaining agreement has been or prior to the
Closing Date will be given, and all bargaining obligations with any employee representative have been or prior to the Closing Date will
be satisfied. Within the past five (5) years, Target has not implemented any plant closing or layoff of employees that could implicate
the WARN Act, and no such action will be implemented without advance notification to Buyer. 

36 

4.21 
 Employee Benefits . 

(a) 
 Section 4.21 of the Disclosure Schedule lists each material Employee Benefit Plan. 

(i) 
 Each such Employee Benefit Plan (and each related trust, insurance contract, or fund) has been maintained, funded and administered
in all material respects in accordance with the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and the terms of any applicable collective bargaining
agreement and complies in form and in operation in all material respects with the applicable requirements of ERISA, the Code, and other
applicable laws. 

(ii) 
 All material contributions (including all employer contributions and employee salary reduction contributions) that are due have
been made within the time periods prescribed by ERISA and the Code to each such Employee Benefit Plan that is an Employee Pension Benefit
Plan. All premiums or other payments due have been paid or accrued with respect to each such Employee Benefit Plan that is an Employee
Welfare Benefit Plan. 

(iii) 
 Each such Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to meet the requirements of a qualified plan under Code Section 401(a)
has received a determination from the Internal Revenue Service that such Employee Benefit Plan is so qualified, and which has not been
revoked, and to the Knowledge of Sellers, nothing has occurred since the date of such determination that could adversely affect the qualified
status of any such Employee Benefit Plan. 

(iv) 
 To the Knowledge of Sellers, there have been no Prohibited Transactions with respect to any such Employee Benefit Plan or any Employee
Benefit Plan maintained by an ERISA Affiliate which could subject any Employee Benefit Plan or any related trust, the Target or any Person
that the Target has an obligation to indemnify, to any material tax or penalty under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA.
No Fiduciary has any Liability for breach of fiduciary duty or any other failure to act or comply in connection with the administration
or investment of the assets of any such Employee Benefit Plan which could reasonably be expected to result in any material Liability to
the Target. No action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation with respect to the administration or the investment of the assets
of any such Employee Benefit Plan (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending or, to the Knowledge of Sellers, threatened and
none of Sellers has any Knowledge of any Basis for any such action, suit, proceeding, hearing, or investigation. 

(v) 
 The Seller Representative has delivered to Buyer correct and complete copies of the plan documents and summary plan descriptions,
and all related trust agreements, insurance contracts, and other funding arrangements that implement each such Employee Benefit Plan in
each case, as applicable. 

(vi) 
 Neither Target nor any ERISA Affiliate contributes to, has any obligation to contribute to, or has any Liability under or with
respect to any Employee Pension Benefit Plan that is a defined benefit plan (as defined in ERISA Section 3(35)). No
asset of any Employee Benefit Plan is subject to any Lien under ERISA or the Code. 

(vii) 
 Neither Target nor any ERISA Affiliate contributes to, has any obligation to contribute to, or has any Liability (including withdrawal
liability as defined in ERISA Section 4201) under or with respect to any Multiemployer Plan. 

37 

(b) 
 Except as set forth in Section 4.21 of the Disclosure Schedule, Target does not maintain, contribute to or have an obligation
to contribute to, or have any Liability with respect to, any Employee Welfare Benefit Plan or other arrangement providing health or life
insurance or other welfare-type benefits for current or future retired or terminated directors, officers or employees (or any spouse or
other dependent thereof) of Target or of any other Person other than in accordance with COBRA. 

(c) 
 The consummation of the Transactions will not accelerate the time of the payment or vesting of, or increase the amount of, or result
in the forfeiture of compensation or benefits under, any Employee Benefit Plan. 

(d) 
 Each Employee Benefit Plan that is a nonqualified deferred compensation plan subject to Code Section 409A complies
with the requirements of Code Section 409A and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued thereunder. Target has no actual or potential
obligation to reimburse or otherwise gross-up any Person for the interest or additional tax set forth under Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B). 

4.22 
 Guarantees . Target is not a guarantor or is not otherwise liable for any Liability (including indebtedness) of any other
Person. 

4.23 
 Environmental Laws . 

(a) 
 The Company and, to the Knowledge of Sellers, the Company Real Properties are in compliance in all material respects with applicable
Environmental Laws. The Company has not received any written notice, demand, request for information, citation, summons, complaint or
order, writ, judgment, injunction, subpoena indictment, decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any federal, state,
local or foreign governmental or regulatory authority, agency or commission, court or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental
entity, including any self-regulatory organization, that remains outstanding alleging material liability against it or, to the Knowledge
of Sellers, the Company Real Properties under any Environmental Laws. To the Knowledge of Sellers, none of the Company Real Properties
has been used for the disposal of hazardous or toxic waste, petroleum product, polychlorinated biphenyl, asbestos or asbestos containing
material, chemical, pollutant, contaminant, pesticide, radioactive substance, or other hazardous or toxic substance regulated under any
Environmental Laws in material violation of applicable Environmental Laws. 

(b) 
 To the Knowledge of Sellers, none of the Company Real Properties has had any material emissions or discharges by the Company or,
to the Knowledge of Sellers, any other Person for whom the Company is legally liable, of any hazardous or toxic waste, petroleum product,
polychlorinated biphenyl, asbestos or asbestos containing material, chemical, pollutant, contaminant, pesticide, radioactive substance,
or other hazardous or toxic substance regulated under any Environmental Laws in violation of applicable Environmental Laws. 

(c) 
 To the Knowledge of Sellers, there are no material liabilities affecting the Company under Environmental Laws. 

4.24 Certain Business
Relationships with Target . Except as set forth in Section 4.24 of the Disclosure Schedule, none of Sellers, their Affiliates, or
Target s members, managers, or officers has been involved in any material business arrangement or relationship with Target
within the past 12 months (other than as employees, directors and members of Target), and none of Sellers, their Affiliates, and
Target s members, managers, or officers owns any material asset, tangible or intangible, that is used in the business of
Target (other than such assets as will be transferred from Digital Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC concurrently with the
Transactions). 

38 

4.25 
 No Other Representations and Warranties . Except for the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.1 and 4 (including
the related portions of the Disclosure Schedule) or the representations and warranties contained in any certificate delivered by the Seller
Representative, none of Sellers, the Company, or any other Person has made or makes any other express or implied representation or warranty,
either written or oral, on behalf of Sellers or the Company, including any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness
of any information regarding the Company furnished or made available to Buyer and its representatives or as to the future revenue, profitability
or success of the Company, or any representation or warranty arising from statute or otherwise in Law. 

Section 5. 
 Additional Covenants and Agreements . 

5.1 
 General . From the Effective Date through the Closing (such period, the Pre-Closing Period ), and with
a view towards consummation of the Transactions and a smooth transition of managerial and supervisory functions following the Closing,
Sellers agree to: (a) discuss with Buyer any material operational decisions relating to the Business; (b) allow Buyer and its representatives
reasonable access to the Business, management and books and records of Target and the Business at reasonable times upon reasonable prior
notice; (c) continue to maintain books and records of the Business consistent with past practice; and (d) provide access to the books
and records of the Business as deemed necessary by Buyer. 

5.2 
 Continuing Business . For a period of two years from and after the Closing Date, no Seller shall take any action that is
designed or intended to have the effect of discouraging any lessor, licensor, customer, supplier, or other business associate of Target
from maintaining the same business relationships with Target after the Closing as it maintained with Target prior to the Closing. During
such period Sellers will refer all customer inquiries relating to the business of Target to Target or Buyer from and after the Closing. 

5.3 Confidentiality .
From and after the Closing, each Seller shall, and shall cause his or her Affiliates or any of their respective representatives to,
hold, and shall use their reasonable efforts to cause their respective representatives to hold, in confidence any and all
information, whether written or oral, concerning the Business, except to the extent that such Seller can show that such information:
(a) is generally available to and known by the public through no fault of such Seller, any of his or her Affiliates or their
respective representatives; (b) known by such Seller, his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives prior to the
disclosure of such information; (c) is lawfully acquired by such Seller, any of his or her Affiliates or their respective
representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing such information by a legal,
contractual or fiduciary obligation; (d) independently developed by such Seller, his or her Affiliates or their respective
representatives; or (e) legally required to be disclosed by such Seller, his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives.
If a Seller or any of his or her Affiliates or their respective representatives are compelled to disclose any information by
judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of Law, such party shall promptly notify all other Parties hereto in
writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information which such party is advised by its counsel in writing is legally
required to be disclosed, provided that such party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain an appropriate protective
order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information. 

39 

5.4 
 Covenant Not to Compete . For a period of three years from and after the Closing Date, Sellers shall not engage directly
or indirectly in any business that is competitive with the Business in North America, other than as employees of Buyer or Target; provided,
however, that no owner of less than 5 of the outstanding stock of any publicly traded corporation shall be deemed to engage solely by
reason thereof in its business; and provided further, however, that Michael Hong shall be permitted to engage in the content-fund business
that he founded, except that Michael Hong shall not be permitted to engage directly or indirectly in any business related to the content
and licenses owned or licensed by Target during such period, unless such business is conducted by Michael Hong for or on behalf of Buyer
or Target. If the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction declares that any term or provision of this Section 5.4 is
invalid or unenforceable, the Parties agree that the court making the determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power
to reduce the scope, duration, or area of the term or provision, to delete specific words or phrases, or to replace any invalid or unenforceable
term or provision with a term or provision that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid
or unenforceable term or provision, and this Agreement shall be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which
the judgment may be appealed. 

5.5 
 Operation of the Business . Except as provided otherwise herein, during the Pre-Closing Period, or if applicable, prior to
the termination of this Agreement, as provided herein, Seller shall at a minimum: 

(a) 
 conduct the Business in a manner substantially consistent with ordinary past practice; 

(b) 
 not create, incur, assume or suffer to exist, any Lien of any kind upon the Equity; 

(c) 
 not amend or modify any Material Contract without the prior written consent of Buyer; 

(d) 
 not sell lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any material assets of the Business; 

(e) 
 not enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing; 

(f) 
 not make or change any Tax election related to the Company without the prior written consent of Buyer; 

(g) 
 not amend any Tax Return of the Company without the prior written consent of Buyer; and 

(h) 
 not take any action that could reasonably be foreseen to diminish the value of the Business, have a Material Adverse Effect on
the Business or have a Material Adverse Effect on the consummation of the Transactions. 

40 

5.6 
 Employee Matters . Sellers shall be solely responsible and Buyer shall have no responsibility whatsoever for any compensation,
claims, liability or amounts payable or expenses arising before the Closing with respect to payments to any current or former employees,
contractors or consultants of Target with respect to such employees, contractors or consultants accrued and unused vacation, and Target
shall pay all such amounts at or prior to Closing. 

5.7 
 Third-Party Consents . Closing of the Transactions shall be subject to the Parties obtaining all required consents from third
parties (each, a Third-Party Consent ), each as set forth on Section 5.7 of the Disclosure Schedule, and each Party
shall comply with all commercially reasonable requests of the other Parties, which are necessary to obtain such third-party consents.
The fees and expenses associated with obtaining the Third-Party Consents identified on Section 5.7 of the Disclosure Schedule shall be
borne by Sellers. 

5.8 
 Commercially Reasonable Efforts . Each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken,
all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing, all things necessary, proper
or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Transactions, including, but not limited
to, the obtaining of any regulatory approvals, the obtaining of Third-Party Consents, and the satisfaction of all conditions precedent
to Closing. 

5.9 
 Notice of Certain Events . 

(a) 
 During the Pre-Closing Period, the Seller Representative shall promptly notify Buyer in writing of: 

(i) 
 any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result
in, any representation or warranty made by a Seller or Target hereunder not being true and correct; 

(ii) 
 any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the Transactions; 

(iii) 
 any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions; or 

(iv) 
 any Legal Proceeding commenced or, to Knowledge of Sellers, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting
the Business that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the consummation
of the Transactions. 

41 

(b) 
 Buyer s receipt of information pursuant to Section 5.9(a) shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation,
warranty or agreement given or made by Sellers in this Agreement and shall not be deemed to amend or supplement the Disclosure Schedules.
Sellers shall have the right prior to Closing to supplement, modify or amend the Disclosure Schedules with respect to any matter arising
or discovered after the date hereof which if existing or known at such time would have been required to be set forth or described in the
Disclosure Schedules and also with respect to events or conditions arising after the date hereof and prior to Closing. Any such supplemented,
modified or amended Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to have cured any breach of any term or condition of this Agreement; provided,
however, that, if, in the absence of such supplementation, modification or amendment, Buyer shall have had the right to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to Section 9, then Buyer shall have the right to so terminate this Agreement on or prior to the Closing, and any such
termination by Buyer shall be Buyer s sole and exclusive remedy associated with any breach by Sellers that shall have been cured
by such supplementation, modification or amendment. 

(c) 
 During the Pre-Closing Period, Buyer shall promptly notify the Seller Representative in writing of: 

(i) 
 any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result
in, any representation or warranty made by Buyer hereunder not being true and correct; 

(ii) 
 any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the Transactions; 

(iii) 
 any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions; or 

(iv) 
 any Legal Proceeding commenced or, to the Knowledge of Buyer, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting
Buyer or its business, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed or that relates to the
consummation of the Transactions. 

(d) 
 The Seller Representative s receipt of information pursuant to Section 5.9(c) shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise
affect any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by Buyer in this Agreement. 

5.10 
 Further Assurances . Sellers, from time to time after the Closing, at Buyer s reasonable request to the Seller Representative,
shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to Buyer such other instruments of conveyance and transfer, and will take such other actions and
execute and deliver such other documents, certifications and further assurances as may be reasonably required to carry out the provisions
hereof and give effect to Buyer s acquisition of the Equity and the consummation of the Transactions. 

5.11 Exclusivity .
During the Pre-Closing Period, Sellers shall refrain from, and shall ensure that each of the Target s respective members,
managers, officers, employees, investment bankers, accountants and other representatives and agents, refrain from, directly or
indirectly, without the prior written consent of Buyer: (a) negotiating with any Person or entering into any agreement or
understanding with any Person regarding a transaction similar to the Transactions; or (b) directly or indirectly soliciting,
encouraging or considering inquires or proposals from any Person or furnish information to any other Person with respect to a
transaction similar to the Transaction. The Seller Representative shall promptly advise Buyer of the identity of any Person who
submits any such proposal or other communication regarding such a proposal, and provide Buyer with a copy of the submission. 

42 

5.12 
 Publicity . No public disclosures or announcements relating to this Agreement or the Transactions will be made without the
consent of Buyer and the Seller Representative, except as may be required by Law or by any Governmental Authority or the rules of any
stock exchange or trading system or as may be reasonably necessary to enforce any rights under this Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude
communications or disclosures necessary to implement the provisions of this Agreement, and each Party and its Affiliates may make such
disclosures as they may consider necessary in order to satisfy their legal or contractual obligations to their lenders, shareholders,
partners, members and/or investors, without the prior written consent of the other Parties. 

5.13 
 Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Sellers . From the Closing through the sixth (6th) anniversary of the Closing,
Buyer shall, and shall cause the Company to, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, each person
who was or is made a party or threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any proceeding by reason of the fact that such person
is or was at any time prior to the Closing a director, officer or member of the Company (the Company Indemnified Parties against
all Losses reasonably incurred or suffered by such Company Indemnified Party in connection therewith, whether claimed prior to, at, or
after the Closing. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 5.14 shall include the right to be paid by each of Buyer
and the Company (including any of their successors and assigns) for the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding, in advance
of its final disposition, within thirty (30) days of receipt by Buyer or the Company from the Company Indemnified Party of a written claim
therefor. The organizational documents of the Company shall contain, and Buyer shall cause the organizational documents of the Company
to so contain, provisions no less favorable with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses, and exculpation of present and former
directors of the Company than are set forth in the organizational documents of the Company as of the date hereof. If Buyer, the Company
or any of their successors or assigns (a) consolidates with or merges with or into any other Person and shall not be the continuing
or surviving entity, partnership, or other entity of such consolidation or merger or (b) transfers or conveys all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Company assume the obligations set forth in this Section 5.13. 

Section 6. 
 Remedies for Breaches of This Agreement . 

6.1 Survival of
Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.1(a), 3.1(b)(iii), 3.1(c), 3.1(d),
4.1, 4.2, 4.4, 4.11 and 4.23 (collectively, the Fundamental Representations shall survive the Closing (even if
the damaged Party knew or had reason to know of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty at the time of Closing) and continue in
full force and effect until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. All of the representations and warranties of
the Parties contained in this Agreement (the Limited Survival Representations shall survive the Closing
hereunder (even if the damaged Party knew or had reason to know of any misrepresentation or breach of warranty at the time of
Closing) and continue in full force and effect for the period from the Closing Date through the period that is 21 months from the
Closing Date; provided, however, that the indemnification obligation set forth in Section 6.2(a)(v) shall survive the Closing for
the period from the Closing Date through the period that is seven (7) years from the Closing Date. 

43 

6.2 
 Indemnification by Sellers . 

(a) 
 From and after the Closing, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Section 6, David Chu, Helen Hong, Michael Hong and
Kingsoon Ong (together, the Controlling Members shall, jointly and severally, defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold
harmless Buyer and its respective Affiliates, shareholders, members, directors, managers, officers, employees and agents (each such Person
being referred to as a Seller Indemnified Party and collectively, the Seller Indemnified Parties ),
against and in respect of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Seller Indemnified Parties based upon, arising
out of or by reason of: 

(i) 
 the failure of any representation or warranty of a Seller contained in this Agreement, except for the representations and warranties
set forth in Section 4.3(b), to be true, correct and complete as of the date such representation or warranty was made and as of the Closing
Date (other than a representation or warranty which, by its express term, is made solely as of a specified date, the failure of such representation
or warranty to be true, correct and complete as of such specified date); 

(ii) 
 any breach or non-performance of any covenant or agreement of a Seller set forth in this Agreement; 

(iii) 
 any Indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company or any of the Transaction Expenses, in each case to the extent not paid at Closing; 

(iv) 
 the failure of any representation or warranty of Sellers contained in Section 4.3(b) (without giving effect to any disclosures
applicable thereto in the Disclosure Schedules) to be true, correct and complete as of the date such representation or warranty was made
and as of the Closing Date; or 

(v) 
 the matters described in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules, the State Tax Liens and the Outstanding Payables. 

6.3 
 Indemnification Provisions for Sellers Benefit . 

(a) 
 From and after the Closing, subject to the other terms and conditions of this Section 6, Buyer shall defend, reimburse, indemnify
and hold harmless each Seller and his or her Affiliates and their respective directors, managers, officers, equity owners, employees,
agents, consultants, attorneys and other advisors and representatives Buyer Indemnified Party ), against and in respect
of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any of Buyer Indemnified Party based upon, arising out of or by reason
of: 

(i) 
 the failure of any representation or warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement to be true, correct and complete as of the
date such representation or warranty was made and as of the Closing Date (other than a representation or warranty which, by its express
term, is made solely as of a specified date, the failure of such representation or warranty to be true, correct and complete as of such
specified date); or 

(ii) 
 any breach or non-performance of any covenant or agreement of Buyer set forth in this Agreement. 

44 

6.4 
 Matters Involving Third Parties . 

(a) 
 If any third party notifies any Seller Indemnified Party or Buyer Indemnified Party (the Indemnified Party with respect to any matter (a Third-Party Claim that may give rise to a claim for indemnification against any other
Party (the Indemnifying Party under this Section 6.4, then the Indemnified Party shall promptly notify the Indemnifying
Party thereof in writing; provided , however , that no delay on the part of the Indemnified Party in notifying the Indemnifying
Party shall relieve the Indemnifying Party from any obligation hereunder unless (and then solely to the extent) the Indemnifying Party
is thereby prejudiced. 

(b) 
 Any Indemnifying Party will have the right to participate in the defense of the Indemnified Party against the Third-Party Claim
with counsel of his, her, or its choice reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party so long as (i) the Indemnifying Party notifies
the Indemnified Party in writing within thirty (30) days after the Indemnified Party has given notice of the Third-Party Claim that the
Indemnifying Party will indemnify the Indemnified Party from and against any Losses the Indemnified Party may suffer resulting from, arising
out of, relating to, in the nature of, or caused by the Third-Party Claim, (ii) the Indemnifying Party provides the Indemnified Party
with evidence reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party will have the financial resources to defend against
the Third-Party Claim and fulfill its indemnification obligations hereunder, (iii) the Third-Party Claim involves only money damages
and does not seek an injunction or other equitable relief, and (iv) the Indemnifying Party conducts the defense of the Third-Party Claim
actively and diligently; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to defend against such Third-Party Claim
if the Indemnified Party in good faith determines after consultation with outside counsel that the Indemnified Party may have available
to it one or more defenses or counterclaims that are inconsistent with one or more defenses or counterclaims that may be available to
the Indemnifying Party in respect of a Third-Party Claim that would make it inappropriate for the same counsel to represent both the Indemnifying
Party and the Indemnified Party. 

(c) The Indemnifying Party
shall notify the Indemnified Party within fifteen (15) days after having received any claim notice with respect to whether or not it
is exercising its right to defend the Indemnified Party against the Third-Party Claim. If the Indemnifying Party has the right to
and elects to assume the control of the defense of any Third-Party Claim, (i) the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend
such Third-Party Claim with counsel selected by the Indemnifying Party (which counsel shall be subject to the approval of the
Indemnified Party, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) the Indemnifying Party shall not
enter into any settlement agreement with respect to such Third-Party Claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnified
Party (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned) and (iii) the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to
participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim and to employ at its expense separate counsel of its choice for such purpose (in
which case the counsel of the Indemnifying Party shall reasonably cooperate with such separate counsel to facilitate such
participation, including (x) promptly providing to such separate counsel copies of all written materials received in respect of the
Third-Party Claim, (y) providing such separate counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on materials being drafted and
furnished in respect of such Third-Party Claim (which such comments shall be considered in good faith) and (z) providing the
opportunity to participate in all meetings (whether in person, by teleconference or otherwise) relating to such Third-Party
Claim). 

45 

(d) 
 If the Indemnifying Party does not notify the Indemnified Party that the Indemnifying Party elects to defend the Indemnified Party
pursuant to Section 6.4(c) within fifteen (15) days after receipt of notice of a Third-Party Claim, or the Indemnifying Party is otherwise
not entitled to defend the Indemnified Party pursuant to Section 6.4(b), then the Indemnified Party may defend, and be reimbursed by the
Indemnifying Party for its reasonable costs and expenses in regard to, the Third-Party Claim with counsel (which may include one firm
of counsel, a single local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction and, to the extent required by the subject matter, one specialist
counsel for each specialized area of law in each appropriate jurisdiction) selected by the Indemnified Party in all appropriate proceedings.
In such circumstances, the Indemnified Party may defend any such Third-Party Claim and have full control of such defense and proceedings
including the settlement, compromise or discharge thereof; provided, however, that no such Third-Party Claim shall be settled, compromised
or discharged by the Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned). The Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in the defense of any Third-Party Claim described
in this Section 6.4(d) and to employ one separate counsel of its choice for such purpose (in which case the counsel of the Indemnified
Party shall reasonably cooperate with such separate counsel to facilitate such participation, including (x) promptly providing to such
separate counsel copies of all written materials received in respect of the Third-Party Claim, (y) providing such separate counsel a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment on materials being drafted and furnished in respect of such Third-Party Claim (which such comments shall
be considered in good faith) and (z) providing the opportunity to participate in all meetings (whether in person, by teleconference or
otherwise) relating to such Third-Party Claim). The fees and expenses of such separate counsel shall be paid by the Indemnifying Party. 

(e) 
 Each party shall cooperate, and cause its respective Affiliates to cooperate, in the defense or prosecution of any Third-Party
Claim and shall furnish or cause to be furnished such records, information and testimony, and attend such conferences, discovery proceedings,
hearings, trials or appeals, as may be reasonably requested in connection therewith; provided that no Indemnified Party, upon reasonable
advice of counsel, shall have any obligation to disclose any information the disclosure of which would reasonably be expected to result
in a violation of applicable Law or is subject to attorney-client or any other privilege, and if requested by an Indemnified Party, the
Indemnifying Party will enter into an appropriate joint defense agreement (or other privilege-preserving agreement) in connection with
obtaining access to such information. 

46 

6.5 
 Direct Claim Procedures . In the event an Indemnified Party brings a claim for indemnity against an Indemnifying Party that
does not involve a Third-Party Claim (a Direct Claim ), the Indemnified Party shall give prompt notice in writing
of such Direct Claim to the Indemnifying Party. The failure to give such prompt written notice shall not, however, relieve the Indemnifying
Party of its indemnification obligations, except and only to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by reason
of such failure. Such notice by the Indemnified Party shall describe the Direct Claim in reasonable detail (excluding anything subject
to attorney-client or similar privilege) with respect thereto and shall indicate the estimated amount, if reasonably known and quantifiable
and assuming the truth of the facts asserted therein, of the Losses that have been or may be sustained by the Indemnified Party; provided,
however, that (a) the notice with respect to a Direct Claim (a Direct Claim Notice need only specify such information
to the knowledge of such Indemnified Party as of the date of such notice and (b) shall be updated and amended from time to time by the
Indemnified Party by delivering an updated or amended Direct Claim Notice. The Indemnifying Party shall have sixty (60) days after its
receipt of such notice to respond in writing to such Direct Claim Notice. During such 60-day period, the Indemnified Party shall allow
the Indemnifying Party and its professional advisors to investigate the matter or circumstance alleged to give rise to the Direct Claim,
and whether and to what extent any amount is payable in respect of the Direct Claim, and the Indemnified Party shall assist the Indemnifying
Party s investigation by giving such information and assistance (including reasonable access to the Indemnified Party s, the
Company s and its Subsidiaries premises and personnel and the right to examine and copy any accounts, documents or records)
as the Indemnifying Party or any of its professional advisors may reasonably request. The Indemnifying Party may object to a claim for
indemnification set forth in a Direct Claim Notice by delivering a notice to the Indemnified Party seeking indemnification within sixty
(60) days of the delivery of the applicable Direct Claim Notice (the Direct Claim Objection Deadline ), setting forth
in reasonable detail the objections to the Direct Claim. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the applicable Indemnified Party that it objects
by the Direct Claim Objection Deadline or fails to object by the Direct Claim Objection Deadline, the Indemnifying Party shall be deemed
to have rejected such claim, in which case the Indemnified Party shall be free to pursue such remedies as may be available to the Indemnified
Party on the terms and subject to the provisions of this Agreement. 

6.6 
 Other Indemnification Provisions . Each Party hereby agrees that he, she or it will not make any claim for indemnification
against any other Party by reason of the fact that he, she or it was a director, officer, employee, or agent of any such entity or was
serving at the request of any such entity as a partner, trustee, director, officer, employee, or agent of another entity (whether such
claim is for judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, amounts paid in settlement, Losses, expenses, or otherwise and whether such
claim is pursuant to any statute, charter document, bylaw, agreement, or otherwise) with respect to any action, suit, proceeding, complaint,
claim, or demand brought against such Party (whether such action, suit, proceeding, complaint, claim, or demand is pursuant to this Agreement,
applicable law, or otherwise). 

6.7 
 Limitations on Indemnification . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6 or elsewhere in this Agreement: 

(a) In no event shall the
Controlling Members be required to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 6.2(a)(i) unless and until the Seller Indemnified
Parties shall have incurred aggregate Losses in excess of 100,000 (the Basket resulting from otherwise
indemnifiable matters set forth in Section 6.2(a)(i), after which the Controlling Members shall be required to provide
indemnification for Losses from the first dollar. 

47 

(b) 
 In no event shall Buyer be required to provide indemnification pursuant to Section 6.3(a)(i) unless and until the Buyer Indemnified
Parties shall have incurred aggregate Losses in excess of the Basket resulting from otherwise indemnifiable matters set forth in Section
6.3(a)(i), after which Buyer shall be required to provide indemnification for Losses from the first dollar. 

(c) 
 The aggregate amount of all Losses for which the Controlling Members shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.2(a)(i) shall not exceed
 800,000. The aggregate amount of all Losses for which Buyer shall be liable pursuant to Section 6.3(a)(i) shall not exceed 800,000.
The limitations set forth in this Section 6.7(c) shall not apply to Losses based upon, arising out of, or by reason of Section 6.2(a)(ii)-(v),
Section 6.3(a)(ii), any inaccuracy in or breach of any Fundamental Representation or Fraud, which shall not exceed the Purchase Price. 

6.8 
 Materiality Scrape . All materiality qualifications contained in the representations, warranties and covenants of the Company,
Sellers and Buyer set forth in this Agreement (however phrased) shall be ignored and not given any effect under this Section 6 for purposes
of determining the amount of Losses arising out of or relating to a breach of such representation and warranty or covenant and agreement
for purposes of this Section 6. 

6.9 
 Exclusive Remedy . Except for claims based on Fraud in connection with the Transactions and the other Transaction Documents,
the indemnification rights of each Indemnified Party under this Section 6 are the Parties sole and exclusive remedies with respect
to any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or failure to fulfill any agreement or covenant hereunder, except for a Party s rights
to seek specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable relief. 

Section 7. 
 Tax Matters . The following provisions shall govern the allocation of responsibility as between Buyer and Seller for certain
tax matters following the Closing Date: 

7.1 Tax
Indemnification . The Controlling Members shall, jointly and severally, defend, reimburse, indemnify and hold harmless each
Seller Indemnified Party against and in respect of any and all Losses incurred or sustained by, or imposed upon, any Seller
Indemnified Party based upon, arising out of or by reason of (i) all Taxes (or the non-payment thereof) of Target for all
taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date and the portion through the end of the Closing Date for any taxable period that
includes (but does not end on) the Closing Pre-Closing Tax Period ), (ii) all Taxes of any member of an
affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group of which Target (or any predecessor of any of the foregoing) is or was a member
on or prior to the Closing Date, including pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous or similar state,
local, or non-U.S. law or regulation, and (iii) any and all Taxes of any person (other than Target) imposed on Target as a
transferee or successor, by contract or pursuant to any law, rule, or regulation, which Taxes relate to an event or transaction
occurring before the Closing, except, in all the foregoing clauses (i) (iii), to the extent such Taxes were included in
Closing Working Capital, Indebtedness or Transaction Expenses (each as finally determined). 

48 

7.2 
 Straddle Period . In the case of any taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date (a Straddle
Period ), the amount of any Taxes based on or measured by income, receipts, or payroll of Target for the Pre-Closing Tax Period
shall be determined based on an interim closing of the books as of the close of business on the Closing Date (and for such purpose, the
taxable period of any partnership or other pass-through entity in which Target holds a beneficial interest shall be deemed to terminate
at such time) and the amount of other Taxes of Target for a Straddle Period that relates to the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be deemed
to be the amount of such Tax for the entire taxable period multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in the
taxable period ending on the Closing Date and the denominator of which is the number of days in such Straddle Period. 

7.3 
 Responsibility for Filing Tax Returns . 

(a) 
 Sellers shall prepare or cause to be prepared and timely file or cause to be timely filed all income Tax Returns for Target that
are filed after the Closing Date for a Tax period that ends on or before the Closing Date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the
final IRS Form 1065 and analogous state and local Tax Returns). Sellers shall provide a draft of each such Tax Return (together with schedules,
statements and, to the extent reasonably requested by Buyer, supporting documentation) to Buyer for Buyer s review and comment at
least thirty (30) days prior to the due date, including extensions, for the filing of such Tax Return, except that if such due date is
less than ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Sellers shall deliver such draft to Buyer as soon as reasonably practicable. Each
such Tax Return shall be prepared in a manner consistent with past practice of Target, including its historic method of accounting and
the timing of items of income or deduction, except as otherwise required by this Agreement or by applicable Law. Buyer shall notify Sellers
in writing of any objection to any items in any such draft Tax Return within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Buyer of such draft Tax
Return. Any such objection(s) shall be resolved in good faith and in a manner mutually agreeable to Buyer and Sellers. Buyer shall make
available appropriate personnel and records to assist Sellers in preparing such Tax Returns. Buyer shall cause an officer of Target to
sign these returns. 

(b) 
 Buyer shall prepare or cause to be prepared and timely file or cause to be timely filed all Tax Returns for Target that are filed
after the Closing Date for a Tax period that ends on or before the Closing Date or any Straddle Period (other than Tax Returns described
in Section 7.3(a)). To the extent any such Tax Return may serve as the basis for a claim by Buyer or its Affiliates for reimbursement
or indemnification hereunder (or reports Taxes that Seller is directly liable for under applicable Law), Buyer shall provide a draft of
each such Tax Return (together with schedules, statements and, to the extent reasonably requested by Seller, supporting documentation)
to Sellers for Sellers review and comment at least thirty (30) days prior to the due date, including extensions, for the filing
of such Tax Return, except that if such due date is less than ninety (90) days following the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver such draft
to Sellers as soon as reasonably practicable. Sellers shall notify Buyer in writing of any objection to any items in any such draft Tax
Return within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Sellers of such draft Tax Return. Any such objection(s) shall be resolved in good faith
and in a manner mutually agreeable to Sellers and Buyer. 

49 

7.4 
 Cooperation on Tax Matters . 

(a) 
 Each Party shall promptly advise the other Party of the commencement of any Tax audit or proceeding that could involve the Target s
or the Sellers Tax liability for any period (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date. Sellers shall have the right
(but not the obligation) to represent the Target s interests in any such Tax audit or other Tax proceeding and to employ counsel
of its choice, but reasonably satisfactory to Buyer, at Sellers expense, to the extent the audit or other proceeding pertains to
Tax periods (or a portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date. In such event, Sellers shall consult with and keep Buyer informed
regarding the status of such Tax audit or other proceeding. 

(b) 
 Buyer, Target, and Sellers shall cooperate to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party, in connection with the filing
of Tax Returns pursuant to this Section 7 and any audit, litigation or other proceeding with respect to Taxes. Such cooperation shall
include the retention and (upon the other Party s request) the provision of records and information that are reasonably relevant
to any such audit, litigation or other proceeding and making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide additional
information and explanation of any material provided hereunder. Buyer and Sellers agree (A) to retain all books and records with
respect to Tax matters pertinent to Target relating to any taxable period beginning before the Closing Date until the expiration of the
statute of limitations (and, to the extent notified by Buyer or Seller, any extensions thereof) of the respective taxable periods, and
to abide by all record retention agreements entered into with any taxing authority, and (B) to give the other Party reasonable written
notice prior to transferring, destroying or discarding any such books and records and, if the other Party so requests, Target or Sellers,
as the case may be, shall allow the other Party to take possession of such books and records. 

(c) 
 Buyer and Sellers further agree, upon request, to use their commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain any certificate or other
document from any Governmental Authority or any other Person as may be necessary to mitigate, reduce or eliminate any Tax that could be
imposed (including, but not limited to, with respect to the Transactions). 

(d) 
 Buyer and Sellers further agree, upon request, to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the other Party with all information
that either Party may be required to report pursuant to Code Section 6043, or Code Section 6043A, or Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder. 

7.5 
 Tax-Sharing Agreements . All tax-sharing agreements or similar agreements with respect to or involving Target shall be terminated
as of the Closing Date and, after the Closing Date, Target shall not be bound thereby or have any liability thereunder. 

7.6 
 Certain Taxes and Fees . All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other such Taxes, and all conveyance
fees, recording charges and other fees and charges (including any penalties and interest) incurred in connection with consummation of
the Transactions shall be paid one-half by Sellers and one-half by Buyer when due, and Buyer will, at their own expense, file all necessary
Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such Taxes, fees and charges, and, if required by applicable law, Sellers will,
and will cause their Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation. 

50 

7.7 
 Tax Refunds . Buyer will cause to be promptly paid to Sellers the amount of any refund of Taxes of Target for any Pre-Closing
Tax Period (or portion thereof) received by Buyer, Target or any Affiliate of Target, but only to the extent such refund was not attributable
to a carryback from, or event occurring during, a period ending after the Closing Date. 

7.8 
 Certain Post-Closing Actions . Without the prior consent of the Seller Representative (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed), Buyer shall not enter into any voluntary disclosure agreement or take any other action outside the Ordinary Course of Business
with respect to the matters described in Section 4.10 of the Disclosure Schedules if such action would reasonably be expected to cause
any of the Sellers to be liable for additional Taxes (or Losses with respect thereto) under this Agreement or directly pursuant to applicable
Law. 

Section 8. 
 Conditions Precedent to Closing . 

8.1 
 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Buyer . The obligations of Buyer to consummate the Transactions are also subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by Buyer in writing: 

(a) 
 Each representation and warranty of Sellers and Target contained in this Agreement shall, if specifically qualified by materiality
or Material Adverse Effect, be true and correct in all respects and, if not so qualified, be true and correct in all material respects,
in each case as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than those
representations and warranties made as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct or true and correct in all material respects,
as the case may be, as of such date). 

(b) 
 Sellers shall have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations and agreements, and complied in all material
respects with all covenants and conditions, contained in this Agreement to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing
Date; provided, that, with respect to obligations and agreements that are qualified by materiality, Sellers shall have performed such
obligations and agreements, as so qualified, in all respects. 

(c) 
 Target shall have delivered to Buyer (i) a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, signed by a duly authorized officer of Target,
certifying as to the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 8.1(a) and (b), (ii) a certificate of the secretary of Target,
dated as of the Closing Date, certifying as to (A) the good standing of Target (with good standing certificates attached), (B) due authorization
of this Agreement and the Transactions by Target (with resolutions attached), (C) true and correct attached copies of the organizational
documents of Target, and (D) the names and signatures of all officers of Target having authority to execute and deliver the Transaction
Documents to which Target is a Party. 

(d) There shall not have
been any material statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree proposed, enacted, promulgated, entered, issued, enforced or
deemed applicable by any foreign or United States federal, state or local Governmental Authority, and there shall be no action, suit
or proceeding pending or threatened, which: (i) makes or may make any Transaction Document or any of the Transactions illegal, or
imposes or may impose material damages or penalties in connection therewith; or (ii) otherwise prohibits or unreasonably delays, or
may prohibit or unreasonably delay the Transactions. 

51 

(e) 
 Sellers shall have delivered to Buyer all of the items required to be delivered in accordance with this Agreement, including duly
executed counterparts to all documents and deliveries set forth therein. 

(f) 
 Since the Effective Date, nothing shall have occurred, and Buyer shall not have become aware of any circumstance, change or event
having occurred prior to such date, which individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on the Transactions. 

(g) 
 Buyer shall have completed its due diligence of the results of the audit of Target s 2020 annual financial statements, and
the results of the audit shall be satisfactory to Buyer in Buyer s sole discretion. 

(h) 
 Target shall have repaid or otherwise secured release of those certain tax liens identified on Exhibit F attached hereto
(the State Tax Liens ), and the documentation of such repayment or release shall be reasonably satisfactory to Buyer. 

(i) 
 All approvals and consents by any Governmental Authority required in connection with the consummation of the Transactions shall
have been obtained and shall be in full force and effect; all filings with any Governmental Authority, as are required in connection with
the consummation of such Transactions, shall have been made; and all waiting periods, if any, applicable to the consummation of such Transactions
imposed by any Governmental Authority shall have expired. 

(j) 
 Sellers shall have obtained the Third-Party Consents. 

(k) 
 Sellers shall have delivered to Buyer such other documents or instruments as Buyer reasonably requests and are reasonably necessary
to consummate the Transactions. 

8.2 
 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of Sellers . The obligations of Sellers to consummate the Transactions are also subject
to the satisfaction at or prior to the Closing Date of each of the following conditions, unless waived by the Seller Representative in
writing: 

(a) 
 Each representation and warranty of Buyer contained in this Agreement shall, if specifically qualified by materiality or Material
Adverse Effect, be true and correct in all respects and, if not so qualified, be true and correct in all material respects, in each case
as of the date of this Agreement and on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (other than those representations
and warranties made as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct or true and correct in all material respects, as the case may
be, as of such date). 

(b) Buyer shall have
performed in all material respects all of its obligations and agreements, and complied in all material respects with all covenants
and conditions, contained in this Agreement shall to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date; provided,
that, with respect to obligations and agreements that are qualified by materiality, Buyer shall have performed such obligations and
agreements, as so qualified, in all respects. 

52 

(c) 
 Buyer shall have delivered to Seller a certificate, dated the Closing Date, signed by a duly authorized officer of Buyer certifying
as to (i) the fulfillment of the conditions specified in Sections 8.2(a) and (b), and (ii) the incumbency of each Person having authority
to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Transaction Documents to which Buyer is party. 

(d) 
 There shall not have been any material statute, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree proposed, enacted, promulgated, entered,
issued, enforced or deemed applicable by any foreign or United States federal, state or local Governmental Authority, and there shall
be no action, suit or proceeding pending or threatened, which: (i) makes or may make any Transaction Document or any of the Transactions
illegal, or imposes or may impose material damages or penalties in connection therewith; or (ii) otherwise prohibits or unreasonably delays,
or may prohibit or unreasonably delay the Transactions. 

(e) 
 Since the date hereof, nothing shall have occurred, and Sellers shall not have become aware of any circumstance, change or event
having occurred prior to such date, which individually or in the aggregate, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, a Material
Adverse Effect on the consummation of the Transactions. 

(f) 
 Since the date hereof, there shall not have been any Material Adverse Effect on Buyer, or any event, change, or effect that would,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Buyer. 

(g) 
 Buyer shall have delivered to Sellers such other documents or instruments as Sellers reasonably request and are reasonably necessary
to consummate the Transactions. 

Section 9. 
 Termination . 

9.1 
 This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing Date: 

(a) 
 By the written agreement of Buyer and the Seller Representative (on behalf of himself, the Company and the Sellers); 

(b) 
 By either Buyer or the Seller Representative (on behalf of himself, the Company and the Sellers), if the Closing shall not have
occurred on or before March 28, 2022 (or such other date to which Buyer and the Seller Representative may agree in writing) (the End
Date ); provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(b) shall not be available to any
Party that has failed to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements, or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with
by it (or the Company or the Sellers, for the Seller Representative) prior to the Closing if such failure to perform or comply is curable; 

(c) By Buyer, if Buyer is
not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement, upon a material breach of any representation or warranty of the
Company or the Sellers set forth in this Agreement, or upon a material breach of any covenant or agreement of the Sellers or the
Company set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that if such breach is curable by the Company or the Sellers prior to the
End Date through the exercise of commercially reasonable efforts, then Buyer may not terminate this Agreement under this Section
9.1(c) prior to the End Date so long as the Company or the Sellers, as the case may be, continue to exercise commercially reasonable
efforts to cure the breach (and then only if such breach has not been cured); 

53 

(d) 
 By the Seller Representative (on behalf of itself and the Company and the Sellers), if the Company and the Sellers are not then
in material breach of any provision of this Agreement, upon a material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of
Buyer set forth in this Agreement; provided, however, that if such breach is curable by Buyer prior to the End Date through the exercise
of commercially reasonable efforts, then the Seller Representative may not terminate this Agreement under this Section 9.1(d) prior to
the End Date so long as Buyer continues to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to cure the breach (and then only if such breach has
not been cured); or 

(e) 
 By Buyer or the Seller Representative, by written notice to the other, in the event that: 

(i) 
 there shall be any Law that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibited;
or 

(ii) 
 any Governmental Authority shall have issued an Order restraining or enjoining the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and such Order shall have become final and non-appealable. 

9.2 
 Effect of Termination . In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.1, this
Agreement shall become void and have no effect, without any liability to any party, any Affiliates of such party or any of the officers,
directors, shareholders, partners, members, managers, trustees, employees, agents, advisors, representatives of such party or its Affiliates
in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, except that: 

(a) 
 any such termination shall not affect the parties respective rights and obligations under Section 5.3, Section 5.12, Section
9 and Section 10; and 

(b) 
 that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any intentional breach of any provision hereof. 

Section 10. 
 Miscellaneous . 

10.1 
 Expenses . Each Party shall pay all of its own fees, costs and expenses (including fees, costs and expenses of legal counsel
and other representatives) in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the
consummation of the Transactions. 

54 

10.2 
 Notices . 

(a) 
 All notices, requests, demands, waivers and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally (by courier service or otherwise), or mailed (certified
or registered mail with postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or overnight delivery service), or sent by electronic transmission,
as follows: 

Notice to Buyer: 
 Cinedigm Corp. 

Attn.: General Counsel 

2355 Westwood Blvd #779 

Los Angeles, CA 90064 

E-mail: gloffredo@cinedigm.com 

With a Copy to: 
 Kelley Drye Warren LLP 

Attn: Jonathan Cooperman, Esq. and Carol Sherman, Esq. 

3 World Trade Center 

175 Greenwich Street 

New York, NY 10007 

E-mail: jcooperman@kelleydrye.com; 

csherman@kelleydrye.com 

Notice to Sellers: 
 David Chu, the Seller Representative 

Asian Media Rights, LLC, d/b/a Digital Media Rights 

264 W. 40th Street 

15th Floor 

New York, NY 10018 

E-mail: davidchu@digitalmediarights.com 

With a Copy to: 
 Jasso Lopez PLLC 

Attn: Erik Lopez 

950 E. State Hwy 114 

Suite 160 

Southlake, TX 76092 

E-mail: erik@jassolopez.com 

(b) 
 Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given: (i) upon actual delivery, if delivered by hand; (ii) on the following Business
Day, if delivered by same-day or overnight courier service; (iii) on the third (3rd) Business Day following the mailing of such notice
by certified or registered mail; and (iv) upon sending such notice, if sent via electronic transmission with receipt confirmation. 

10.3 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement (including the Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits) constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties
with regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, among the
Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. In the event of any inconsistency between the statements in the body of this
Agreement and those in the Disclosure Schedules and/or Exhibits hereto (other than an exception expressly set forth as such in the
Disclosure Schedules), the statements in this Agreement shall control and govern. 

55 

10.4 
 Assignment; Binding Effect; Benefit . Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, benefits, or obligations hereunder may
be assigned by either Party (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) to a third party without the prior written consent of the other
Parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned; provided, that Buyer may assign or transfer this Agreement
(and its rights and obligations under this Agreement), in whole or in part, without the consent of Seller to one or more of its Affiliates.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by a Party and their
respective successors and permitted assigns. Nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person
(except for the Seller Indemnified Parties and the Buyer Indemnified Parties) any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature
whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 

10.5 
 Amendment . This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by or on behalf of each Party hereto. 

10.6 
 Headings . The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. 

10.7 
 Counterparts; Electronic Signatures . This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, all of which taken together
will be deemed one original. A counterpart of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission
shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. 

10.8 
 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial . 

(a) 
 This Agreement, the Transactions, all relationships among the Parties hereunder and all disputes and proceedings (in contract,
tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to any of the foregoing shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, and enforced
in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision (whether of the
State of New York or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of
New York. 

(b) ANY LEGAL SUIT, ACTION OR
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR BASED UPON THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS MAY BE INSTITUTED IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURTS OF
NEW YORK OR THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, AND EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS (AND ALL APPROPRIATE APPELLATE COURTS THEREFROM) IN ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
SERVICE OF PROCESS, SUMMONS, NOTICE OR OTHER DOCUMENT BY MAIL TO SUCH PARTY S ADDRESS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.2 SHALL BE
EFFECTIVE SERVICE OF PROCESS FOR ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT. THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR ANY PROCEEDING IN SUCH COURTS AND IRREVOCABLY
WAIVE AND AGREE NOT TO PLEAD OR CLAIM IN ANY SUCH COURT THAT ANY SUCH SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN ANY SUCH COURT HAS BEEN
BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM. 

56 

(c) 
 EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH SUCH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS
OR THE TRANSACTIONS. EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED,
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER IN THE EVENT OF A LEGAL ACTION, (ii) SUCH
PARTY HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER, (iii) SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED
TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.8. 

10.9 
 Joint Participation in Drafting this Agreement . The Parties acknowledge and confirm that each of their respective attorneys
has participated jointly in the drafting, review and revision of this Agreement and that it has not been written solely by counsel for
any Party and that each Party has had the benefit of its independent legal counsel s advice with respect to the terms and provisions
hereof and its rights and obligations hereunder. Each Party hereto, therefore, stipulates and agrees that the rule of construction to
the effect that any ambiguities are to be or may be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of
this Agreement to favor any Party against another and that no Party shall have the benefit of any legal presumption or the detriment of
any burden of proof by reason of any ambiguity or uncertain meaning contained in this Agreement. 

10.10 
 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity or enforceability
of the other provisions of this Agreement as a whole will not be affected; and, in such event, such provision will be changed and interpreted
so as best to accomplish the objectives of such provision within the limits of applicable Law or applicable court decision. 

10.11 
 Specific Performance . The Parties agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not
performed in accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition
to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. 

10.12 
 Delays and Omissions; Waiver . No delay, failure or waiver by any Party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement,
and no partial or single exercise of any such right or remedy, will operate to limit, preclude, cancel, waive or otherwise affect such
right or remedy, nor will any single or partial exercise of such right or remedy limit, preclude, impair or waive any further exercise
of such right or remedy or the exercise of any other right or remedy. 

10.13 
 Representation by Counsel . Each Party represents and warrants to the other Parties that it has consulted with, and has
been represented by, the attorney(s) of its choosing with reference to this Agreement and the Transactions. 

57 

10.14 
 Disclosure Schedules . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any information disclosed in
one section of the Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed to be disclosed in such other section(s) of the Disclosure Schedules to the extent
that the disclosure is reasonably apparent from its face to be applicable to such other section(s) of the Disclosure Schedules. Any disclosures
in the Disclosure Schedules that refer to a document are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of such document, including
all amendments, exhibits, schedules and other attachments thereto. Updates to all other Disclosure Schedules may be made only upon mutual
agreement of the Parties. Any such update(s) as aforesaid shall be deemed incorporated into the Disclosure Schedules. 

10.15 
 Seller Representative . 

(a) 
 By the execution and delivery of this Agreement, each Seller hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints David Chu as the Seller
Representative, and in such capacity, to be the true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact of such Seller with full powers of substitution
to act in the name, place and stead of thereof with respect to the performance on behalf of such Seller under the terms and provisions
of this Agreement and the Transaction Documents, as the same may be from time to time amended, and to do or refrain from doing all such
further acts and things, and to execute all such documents on behalf of such Seller, if any, as the Seller Representative will deem necessary
or appropriate in connection with any of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents, including:
(i) agree upon or compromise any matter related to the calculation of any adjustments to the Purchase Price under this Agreement; (ii)
direct the distribution of the Purchase Price; (iii) act for Sellers with respect to all indemnification matters referred to in this Agreement,
including the right to compromise on behalf of Sellers any indemnification claim made by or against Sellers, if any; (iv) act for Sellers
with respect to all post-Closing matters; (v) terminate, amend or waive any provision of this Agreement; (vi) employ and obtain the advice
of legal counsel, accountants and other professional advisors as the Seller Representative, in the Seller Representative s sole
discretion, deems necessary or advisable in the performance of his duties as the Seller Representative and to rely on their advice and
counsel; (vii) incur and pay expenses, including fees of brokers, attorneys and accountants incurred pursuant to the transactions contemplated
hereby, and any other fees and expenses allocable or in any way relating to such transaction or any indemnification claim, whether incurred
prior or subsequent to Closing; (viii) receive all or any portion of the Purchase Price and to distribute the same; (ix) distribute the
Seller Representative Reserve; (x) sign any releases or other documents with respect to any dispute or remedy arising under this Agreement
or the Transaction Documents; and (xi) do or refrain from doing any further act or deed on behalf of Sellers which the Seller Representative
deems necessary or appropriate, in his sole discretion after consultation with Michael Hong, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement
as fully and completely as any Seller could do if personally present and acting. The Seller Representative hereby accepts his appointment
and authorization as the Seller Representative under this Agreement. 

58 

(b) 
 The appointment of the Seller Representative will be deemed coupled with an interest and will be irrevocable, and any other Person,
including Buyer and the Company may conclusively and absolutely rely, without inquiry, upon any actions of the Seller Representative as
the acts of Sellers hereunder or any Transaction Document to which they are a party. The Seller Representative will act for Sellers on
all of the matters set forth in this Agreement in the manner the Seller Representative believes to be in the best interest of Sellers,
but the Seller Representative will not be responsible to Sellers for any loss or damage that any Seller may suffer by reason of the performance
by the Seller Representative of such Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement, other than loss or damage arising from
fraud, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of the Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement. Sellers
do hereby jointly and severally agree to indemnify and hold the Seller Representative harmless from and against any and all Losses reasonably
incurred or suffered as a result of the performance of the Seller Representative s duties under this Agreement. The Seller Representative
will not be entitled to any fee, commission or other compensation for the performance of his services hereunder, but will be entitled
to the payment from Sellers on a pro rata basis of all expenses incurred as the Seller Representative, which payment may be recovered
by the Seller Representative from the Seller Representative Reserve. 

(c) 
 If the Seller Representative shall die, become disabled, resign or otherwise be unable to fulfill his responsibilities as agent
of Sellers, then Sellers shall, within ten (10) days after such death or disability, appoint a successor agent and, promptly thereafter
(but in any event within two (2) Business Days after such appointment), shall notify Buyer in writing of the identity of such successor;
 provided , that if for any reason no successor has been appointed within such ten (10) day period, then any Seller will have the
right to petition a court of competent jurisdiction for appointment of a successor to the Seller Representative. Any such successor shall
be appointed by the written consent of Sellers, and any successor so appointed shall become the Seller Representative for
purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) 
 All notices or other communications required to be made or delivered by Buyer to Sellers shall be made to the Seller Representative
for the benefit of Sellers. All notices or other communications required to be made or delivered by Sellers shall be made by the Seller
Representative. 

10.16 Pre-Closing
Communications and Privileges . From and after the Closing, (a) Sellers shall be the sole and exclusive holder of the
attorney-client privilege and all other privileges with respect to the engagement of Jasso Lopez PLLC Seller
Counsel by the Company (and/or its Affiliates) and any services rendered by Seller Counsel as part of that engagement,
and none of Buyer, the Company or any of their subsidiaries or Affiliates shall be a holder of any such privilege; (b) the ownership
of, title to, and all rights associated with any and all communications (including any attachments, draft documents or enclosures)
made or sent between or among (i) Sellers, the Company and/or any of their Affiliates, and (ii) Seller Counsel, that concern, refer,
discuss or relate to (A) this Agreement, (B) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (C) any negotiations regarding or
relating to this Agreement, shall solely and exclusively belong to Sellers (and none of Buyer, the Company or their respective
Affiliates); (c) the ownership of, title to, and all rights associated with any and all pre-Closing communications (including any
attachments, draft documents or enclosures) made or sent between or among employees of the Company (and/or its Affiliates),
contractors of the Company (and/or its Affiliates), and/or Sellers that concern, refer, discuss, or relate to the Company (or its
Affiliates) will belong exclusively to Sellers, except to the extent necessary to the post-Closing operations of the Company; and
(d) Seller Counsel shall have no duty whatsoever to reveal or disclose any attorney-client communications with Sellers, the Company,
and/or any of their Affiliates to Buyer, the Company, or any of their Affiliates, whether by reason of any attorney-client
relationship between Seller Counsel and the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise. This Section 10.16 is irrevocable, and no
term of this section may be amended, waived, or modified without the prior written consent of Sellers. 

[Signatures Appear on the Following Page] 

59 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
hereto have executed this Agreement on the date first above written. 

BUYER: 

CINEDIGM CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Gary S. Loffredo 

Name: 
 Gary S. Loffredo 

Title: 
 Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 

SELLERS: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu 

/s/ Augustine Hong 

Augustine Hong 

/s/ Helen Hong 

Helen Hong 

/s/ Michael Hong 

Michael Hong 

/s/ Justin Lee 

Justin Lee 

/s/ Steven Park 

Steven Park 

/s/ Kingsoon Ong 

Kingsoon Ong 

SELLER REPRESENTATIVE: 

/s/ David Chu 

David Chu, as Seller Representative 

Annex A 

 Pro Rata Percentages 

Annex B 

 Non-Accredited Investors 

Exhibit A 
Example Calculation of Closing Working Capital 

Exhibit B 

 Agreements for Acquisition of Assets of Digital
Orchard, LLC and Trinity Releasing, LLC 

Exhibit C 

 Form of Employment Agreement 

Exhibit D 

 Form of Employment Offer Letter 

Exhibit E 

 Form of Consulting Agreement 

Exhibit F 

 Tax Liens 

Exhibit G 

 Outstanding Payables 

</EX-10.25.1>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex21-1_cinedigmcorp.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Cinedigm Corp. (the Company 

1. Access
 Digital Media, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm DC
 Holdings, LLC. 

2. ADM
 Cinema Corporation d/b/a the Pavilion Theatre, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of the Company. 

3. Christie/AIX,
 Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Access Digital Media, Inc. 

4. Vistachiara
 Productions Inc., d/b/a The Bigger Picture, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of the Company. 

5. Access
 Digital Cinema Phase 2, Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
 Company. 

6. Vistachiara
 Entertainment, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

7. Access
 Digital Cinema Phase 2 B/AIX Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Access Digital Cinema Phase 2 Corp. 

8. Cinedigm
 Digital Funding 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Christie/AIX, Inc. 

9. CDF2
 Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Access
 Digital Cinema Phase 2 Corp. 

10. Cinedigm
 Digital Funding 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of CDF2 Holdings, LLC. 

11. Cinedigm
 Entertainment Corp., a New York corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

12. Cinedigm
 Digital Cinema Australia Pty Ltd, an Australian proprietary company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of the Company. 

13. Cinedigm
 DC Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
 Company. 

14. Cinedigm
 Entertainment Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of the Company. 

15. Cinedigm
 Home Entertainment, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Cinedigm Entertainment Holdings, LLC. 

16. Con
 TV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an 85 owned subsidiary of Cinedigm Entertainment
 Corp. 

17. Docurama,
 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm OTT Holdings,
 LLC. 

18. Dove
 Family Channel, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
 Cinedigm OTT Holdings, LLC. 

19. Cinedigm
 OTT Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
 Cinedigm Entertainment Corp. 

20. Cinedigm
 Productions, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 Entertainment Corp. 

21. Comic
 Blitz II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 OTT Holdings, LLC. 

22. Viewster,
 LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm OTT Holdings,
 LLC. 

23. C F
 Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

24. Matchpoint
 Digital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 Entertainment Corp. 

25. TFD
 Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 OTT Holdings, LLC. 

26. Fandor
 Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 OTT Holdings, LLC. 

27. Screambox
 Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cinedigm
 OTT Holdings, LLC. 

28. FoundationTV,
 Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 

29. Asian
 Media Rights, LLC, a New York limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the
 Company. 

30. Cinedigm
 India Private Limited, an Indian corporation, owned 99.99 by Cinedigm Corp. and .01 by
 FoundationTV, Inc. 

31. Bloody
 Disgusting Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Cinedigm OTT Holdings, LLC. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex23-1_cinedigmcorp.htm
 CONSENT OF EISNERAMPER LLP.

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent
to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Cinedigm Corp. on Form S-1 (Nos. 333-260210
and 333-214486), Form S-3 (Nos. 333-239710 and 333-222190) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-189898 and 333-248206) of our report dated July
1, 2022, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the years then ended, which
report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be filed on or about July 1, 2022. 

/s/ EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

 Iselin, New Jersey 

 July 1, 2022 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-1_cinedigmcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Christopher J. McGurk, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cinedigm Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 July
 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex31-2_cinedigmcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, John K. Canning, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Cinedigm Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 July
 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John K. Canning 

John K. Canning 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-1_cinedigmcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Form 10-K of Cinedigm Corp.
(the Company for the period ended March 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC (the Report ), the undersigned, in
the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
 July
 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Christopher J. McGurk 

Christopher J. McGurk 

Chief Executive Officer and 

Chairman of the Board of Directors 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex32-2_cinedigmcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with Form 10-K of Cinedigm Corp.
(the Company for the period ended March 31, 2022 as filed with the SEC (the Report ), the undersigned, in
the capacity and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: 
 July 1, 2022 
 
 By: 
 /s/ John K. Canning 

John K. Canning 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 cidm-20220331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 cidm-20220331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 cidm-20220331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 cidm-20220331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 cidm-20220331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

