<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210401_10-K_edgar_data_75208_0001493152-21-007754.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9780051</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>387213</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518756</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3149777</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2117648</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2354226</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-007754.hdr.sgml : 20210401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210401170835
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-007754
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000075208
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DEEP SEA FOREIGN TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT [4412]
		IRS NUMBER:				132637623
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06479
		FILM NUMBER:		21799108

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE
		STREET 2:		302 KNIGHTS RUN AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8132090600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TWO HARBOUR PLACE
		STREET 2:		302 KNIGHTS RUN AVENUE, SUITE 1200
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-007754.txt : 20210401

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

FOR
ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Transition Period from __________ to __________. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
of each exchange on which registered 

New
 York Stock Exchange 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act.
Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 Non-accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging growth 
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. 
 No 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2020, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was , based on the closing price of 1.86 per share
of Class A common stock on the NYSE exchange on that date. For this purpose, all outstanding shares of common stock have been
considered held by non-affiliates, other than the shares beneficially owned by directors, officers and certain 5 stockholders
of the registrant; certain of such persons disclaim that they are affiliates of the registrant. 

As of March 24, 2021, shares
of the issuer s Class A common stock were outstanding. Excluded from these amounts are penny warrants, which were outstanding
as of March 24, 2021, for the purchase of 3,654,795 shares of Class A common stock without consideration of any withholding pursuant
to the cashless exercise procedures. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be filed by the registrant in connection with its 2021 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Available
 Information 
 i 

Forward-Looking
 Statements 
 i 

Supplementary
 Financial Information 
 ii 

Glossary 
 iii 
 
 PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Overview
 and Recent Developments 
 1 

Fleet
 Operations 
 2 

Human
 Capital 4 

Competition 
 4 

Environmental
 and Security Matters 
 4 

Inspection
 by Classification Societies 
 13 

Insurance 
 13 

Taxation
 of the Company 
 14 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 24 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 24 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 24 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 24 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 26 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 81 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 81 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 83 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 83 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 83 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 88 
 
 Signatures 
 
 89 

References
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company , OSG , we , us , or our 
refer to Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and, unless the context otherwise requires or otherwise is expressly stated, its subsidiaries,
including Alaska Tanker Company as of its March 12, 2020 acquisition date. 

OSG
is currently a smaller reporting company SRC under SEC rules. Accordingly, disclosures in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K have been modified. As an SRC, OSG is not required to provide certain disclosures, for example, risk factors, however,
we have provided these disclosures. 

A
glossary of shipping terms (the Glossary that should be used as a reference when reading this Annual Report on
Form 10-K can be found immediately prior to Part I. Capitalized terms that are used in this Annual Report are either defined when
they are first used or in the Glossary. 

All
dollar amounts are stated in thousands of U.S. dollars unless otherwise stated. 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

The
Company makes available free of charge through its internet website www.osg.com, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically
files such material with, or furnishes it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our website and
the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, are not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

The
public may also read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 (information on the operation of the Public Reference Room is available by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330).
The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

The
Company also makes available on its website its corporate governance guidelines, its code of business conduct, insider trading
policy, anti-bribery and corruption policy and charters of the Audit Committee, Human Resources and Compensation Committee and
Corporate Governance and Risk Assessment Committee of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise noted, neither our website
nor the information contained on that site, or connected to that site, is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. In addition, we may make or approve certain forward-looking statements in future filings with the SEC, in press releases,
or oral or written presentations by representatives of the Company. All statements other than statements of historical facts should
be considered forward-looking statements. Words such as may , will , should , would ,
 could , appears , believe , intends , expects , estimates ,
 targeted , plans , anticipates , goal , and similar expressions are intended
to identify forward-looking statements but should not be considered as the only means by which these statements may be
made. Such forward-looking statements represent the Company s reasonable expectations with respect to future events or circumstances
based on various factors and are subject to various risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to the Company s
operations, financial results, financial condition, business, prospects, growth strategy and liquidity. Accordingly, there are
or will be important factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, that could cause the Company s actual
results to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in these statements. Undue reliance should not be placed
on any forward-looking statements and consideration should be given to the following factors when reviewing such statements. Such
factors include, but are not limited to: 

public
 health threats, particularly the COVID-19 pandemic, which may impact the Company in many ways, including those noted below,
 as well as, increasing operating costs to protect the health and safety of the Company s crew members and others in the
 industry; 

i 

volatile
 fluctuations in supply and demand in the crude oil market worldwide, which could also affect the nature and severity of certain
 factors listed below; 

the
 Company s ability to renew its time charters when they expire or to enter into new time charters, or to replace its
 operating leases on favorable terms; 

the
 loss of or reduction in business with a large customer, should it be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise; 

changing
 economic, political and governmental conditions in the United States or abroad and conditions in the oil and natural gas industry,
 including in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic; 

the Company s ability to generate sufficient
 cash to service its indebtedness and to comply with debt covenants, allowing it to maintain capital availability; 

the effect of the Company s indebtedness
 on its ability to finance operations, pursue desirable business operations and successfully run its business in the future; 

changes
 in demand in certain specialized markets in which the Company currently trades; 

changes
 in credit risk with respect to the Company s counterparties on contracts or the failure of contract counterparties to
 meet their obligations; 

the
 Company s compliance with complex laws and regulations, including those seeking to reduce the spread of the COVID-19
 virus, and environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases and ballast water
 treatment; 

the
 highly cyclical nature of OSG s industry; 

significant
 fluctuations in the market value of our vessels; 

the
 Company s compliance with 46 U.S.C. sections 50501 and 55101 (commonly known as the Jones Act and heightened
 exposure to Jones Act market fluctuations, as well as stockholder citizenship requirements imposed on us by the Jones Act
 which result in restrictions on foreign ownership of the Company s common stock; 

competition
 within the Company s industry and OSG s ability to compete effectively for charters; 

the
 refusal of certain customers to use vessels of a certain age; 

increasing
 operating costs, unexpected drydock costs or increasing capital expenses as the Company s vessels age, including increases
 due to limited shipbuilder warranties of the consolidation of suppliers; 

work
 stoppages or other labor disruptions by the unionized employees of OSG or other companies in related industries or the impact
 of any potential liabilities resulting from withdrawal from participation in multiemployer plans; 

limitations
 on U.S. coastwise trade, the waiver, modification or repeal of the Jones Act limitations or changes in international trade
 agreements; 

the
 inability to clear oil majors risk assessment processes; 

the
 Company s ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards; 

significant
 fluctuations in the market price of the Company s
 securities; and 

provisions
 of Delaware law and the Company s governing documents that could influence its ability to effect a change of
 control. 

Investors
should carefully consider these risk factors and the additional risk factors outlined in more detail in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC under the caption Risk Factors. The Company
assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements except as may be required by law. Forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or its representatives
after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement contained in this
paragraph and in other reports hereafter filed by the Company with the SEC. 

NON-GAAP
FINANCIAL MEASURES AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

The
Company reports its financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America GAAP ). However, the Company has included in this Report certain non-GAAP financial measures and ratios, which it
believes, provide useful information to both management and readers of this Report in measuring the financial performance and
financial condition of the Company. These measures do not have a standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and, therefore, may not
be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other publicly traded companies, nor should they be construed as an alternative
to other measures determined in accordance with GAAP. 

ii 

The
Company presents four non-GAAP financial measures: time charter equivalent revenues TCE ), EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA
and vessel operating contribution. TCE revenues represent shipping revenues less voyage expenses, as a measure to compare revenue
generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. EBITDA represents net income/(loss) from continuing
operations before interest expense and income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense. Adjusted EBITDA consists of EBITDA
adjusted for the impact of certain items that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. Vessel operating
contribution represents TCE revenues less vessel expenses and charter hire expenses and is used as a measure to reflect our niche
markets, which provide a stable operating platform underlying our total US Flag operations. Our niche markets include Delaware
Bay lightering, MSP vessels and shuttle tankers. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes industry data and forecasts that we have prepared based, in part, on information obtained
from industry publications and surveys. Third-party industry publications, surveys and forecasts generally state that the information
contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. In addition, certain statements regarding our market
position in this report are based on information derived from the Company s market studies and research reports. Unless
we state otherwise, statements about the Company s relative competitive position in this report are based on our management s
beliefs, internal studies and management s knowledge of industry trends. 

GLOSSARY 

Unless
otherwise noted or indicated by the context, the following terms used in the Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: 

Articulated
Tug Barge or ATB A tug-barge combination system capable of operating on the high seas, coastwise and further inland. It
combines a normal barge, with a bow resembling that of a ship, but having a deep indent at the stern to accommodate the bow of
a tug. The fit is such that the resulting combination behaves almost like a single vessel at sea as well as while maneuvering. 

Ballast
 Any heavy material, including water, carried temporarily or permanently in a vessel to provide desired draft and stability. 

Bareboat
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel.
The customer pays all costs of operating the vessel, including voyage and vessel expenses. Bareboat charters are usually long
term. 

b/d Barrels
per day. 

CERCLA The
U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. 

Charter Contract
entered into with a customer for the use of the vessel for a specific voyage at a specific rate per unit of cargo Voyage
Charter ), or for a specific period of time at a specific rate per unit (day or month) of time Time Charter ). 

Classification
Societies Organizations that establish and administer standards for the design, construction and operational maintenance
of vessels. As a practical matter, vessels cannot trade unless they meet these standards. 

Contracts
of Affreightment or COAs An agreement providing for the transportation between specified points for a specific quantity
of cargo over a specific time period but without designating specific vessels or voyage schedules, thereby allowing flexibility
in scheduling since no vessel designation is required. COAs can either have a fixed rate or a market-related rate. One example
would be two shipments of 70,000 tons per month for two years at the prevailing spot rate at the time of each loading. 

iii 

Crude
Oil Oil in its natural state that has not been refined or altered. 

Deadweight
tons or dwt The unit of measurement used to represent cargo carrying capacity of a vessel, but including the weight of consumables
such as fuel, lube oil, drinking water and stores. 

Demurrage Additional
revenue paid to the shipowner on its Voyage Charters for delays experienced in loading and/or unloading cargo that are not deemed
to be the responsibility of the shipowner, calculated in accordance with specific Charter terms. 

Double
Hull Hull construction design in which a vessel has an inner and an outer side and bottom separated by void space, usually
two meters in width. 

Drydocking An
out-of-service period during which planned repairs and maintenance are carried out, including all underwater maintenance such
as external hull painting. During the drydocking, certain mandatory Classification Society inspections are carried out and relevant
certifications issued. Normally, as the age of a vessel increases, the cost and frequency of drydockings increase. 

Exclusive
Economic Zone An area that extends up to 200 nautical miles beyond the territorial sea of a state s coastline (land
at lowest tide) over which the state has sovereign rights for the purpose of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing natural
resources. 

Handysize
Product Carrier A small size Product Carrier of approximately 29,000 to 50,000 deadweight tons. This type of vessel generally
operates on shorter routes (short haul). 

International
Maritime Organization or IMO An agency of the United Nations, which is the body that is responsible for the administration
of internationally developed maritime safety and pollution treaties, including MARPOL. 

International
Flag International law requires that every merchant vessel be registered in a country. International Flag refers to those
vessels that are registered under a flag other that of the United States. 

Jones
Act U.S. law that applies to port-to-port shipments within the continental U.S. and between the continental U.S. and Hawaii,
Alaska, Puerto Rico, and Guam, and restricts such shipments to U.S. Flag Vessels that are built in the United States and that
are owned by a U.S. company that is more than 75 owned and controlled by U.S. citizens, set forth in 46 U.S.C. sections 50501
and 55101. 

Jones
Act Fleet A fleet comprised of vessels that comply with the Jones Act regulations. 

Lightering The
process of off-loading crude oil or petroleum products from large size tankers, typically Very Large Crude Carriers, into smaller
tankers and/or barges for discharge in ports from which the larger tankers are restricted due to the depth of the water, narrow
entrances or small berths. 

MarAd The
Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. 

Maritime
Security Program or MSP The U.S. Maritime Security Program, which ensures that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available
to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. These vessels are required to trade outside the United
States but are eligible for government sponsored business. Under the MSP, participants receive an annual fee in exchange for a
guarantee that the vessels will be made available to the U.S. government in the event of war or national emergency. 

iv 

MARPOL International
Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, 1973, as modified by the Protocol of 1978 relating thereto. This convention
includes regulations aimed at preventing and minimizing pollution from ships by accident and by routine operations. 

MR An
abbreviation for Medium Range. Certain types of vessel, such as a Product Carrier of approximately 45,000 to 53,000 deadweight
tons, generally operate on medium-range routes. 

MSP
vessels U.S. Flag vessels that participate in the Maritime Security Program. 

OPA
90 OPA 90 is the abbreviation for the U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990. 

OPEC Organization
of Petroleum Exporting Countries, which is an international organization established to coordinate and unify the petroleum policies
of its members. 

P I
Insurance Protection and indemnity insurance is a form of marine insurance provided by a P I club. A P I club is
a mutual (i.e., a co-operative) insurance association that provides cover for its members, who will typically be ship-owners,
ship-operators or demise charterers. 

Product
Carrier General term that applies to any tanker that is used to transport refined oil products, such as gasoline, jet fuel
or heating oil. 

Recycling The
disposal of vessels by demolition for recycled metal. 

Safety
Management System or SMS A framework of processes and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated
with quality, environment, health and safety. The SMS is certified by ISM (International Safety Management Code), ISO 9001 (Quality
Management) and ISO 14001 (Environmental Management). 

Shuttle
Tanker A tanker, usually with special fittings for mooring, which lifts oil from offshore fields and transports it to a
shore storage or refinery terminal on repeated trips. 

Special
Survey An extensive inspection of a vessel by classification society surveyors that must be completed once within every
five-year period. Special Surveys require a vessel to be drydocked. 

Technical
Management The management of the operation of a vessel, including physically maintaining the vessel, maintaining necessary
certifications, and supplying necessary stores, spares, and lubricating oils. Responsibilities also generally include selecting,
engaging and training crew, and arranging necessary insurance coverage. 

Time
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time for use of the vessel.
Subject to any restrictions in the Charter, the customer decides the type and quantity of cargo to be carried and the ports of
loading and unloading. The customer pays all voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls, and port charges. The shipowner pays all
vessel expenses such as the Technical Management expenses. 

Time
Charter Equivalent or TCE TCE is the abbreviation for Time Charter Equivalent. TCE revenues, which are voyage revenues less
voyage expenses, serve as an industry standard for measuring and managing fleet revenue and comparing results between geographical
regions and among competitors. 

U.S.
Flag fleet Our Jones Act Fleet together with our MSP vessels. 

U.S.
Flag vessel Is a vessel that must be crewed by U.S. sailors, and owned and operated by a U.S. company. 

Vessel
Expenses Includes crew costs, vessel stores and supplies, lubricating oils, maintenance and repairs, insurance and communication
costs associated with the operations of vessels. 

Voyage
Charter A Charter under which a customer pays a transportation charge for the movement of a specific cargo between two or
more specified ports. The shipowner pays all voyage expenses, and all vessel expenses, unless the vessel to which the Charter
relates has been time chartered in. The customer is liable for Demurrage, if incurred. 

Voyage
Expenses Includes fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions paid by the Company
under Voyage Charters. These expenses are subtracted from shipping revenues to calculate Time Charter Equivalent revenues for
Voyage Charters. 

v 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

OVERVIEW
AND RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 

Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1969, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Alaska Tanker
Company ATC as of its March 12, 2020 acquisition date, own and operate a fleet of oceangoing vessels engaged in
the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products in the U.S. Flag trade. At December 31, 2020 the Company owned or operated
a fleet of 25 vessels totaling an aggregate of approximately 1.7 million deadweight tons dwt ). Additional information
about the Company s fleet, including its ownership profile, is set forth under Fleet Operations Fleet Summary, 
as well as on the Company s website, www.osg.com. 

OSG primarily charters its vessels to customers
for voyages for specific periods of time at fixed daily amounts through time charters. The Company also charters its vessels for
specific voyages at spot rates. Spot market rates are highly volatile due to utilization while in the spot market, which is
driven by market forces, including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such as crude oil or petroleum products),
volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available tonnage both at the time such tonnage
is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based inventories of crude oil and refined
products. Time charter rates provide more predictable streams of TCE revenues because they are fixed for specific periods
of time. For a more detailed discussion on factors influencing spot and time charter markets, see Fleet Operations Commercial
Management below. 

The
ongoing Coronavirus pandemic has severely impacted global and national economies. Lockdown orders, business closures and travel
restrictions among many other events have reduced the demand for many products, including petroleum. This has led to a significant
reduction in refinery operations and end user demand for transportation fuels. The reduced demand has created extreme business
uncertainty for our customers and the result has been a reluctance to enter into longer term transportation commitments. We believe
that as their visibility and confidence in the future returns there will be a resumption of more typical customer behavior and
time charter activity will rebound. 

This
has resulted in the non-renewal of charters for vessels whose time charters were ending late in 2020 and early in 2021. In response
to this we have placed seven vessels in layup as of March 1, 2021. This allows us to reduce the costs associated with vessels
that are without charter. We anticipate that this situation will resolve itself as vaccines are widely distributed and there is
a lifting of the COVID-19 restrictions. 

Strategy 

We
seek to maximize stockholder value by generating strong cash flows through combining the predictability of fixed time charter
revenues with opportunistic trading in the spot market; actively managing the size and composition of our fleet over the course
of market cycles to increase investment returns and available capital; and entering into value-creating transactions, including
acquisitions of competitive or adjacent businesses. The key elements of our strategy are to: 

Generate
 strong cash flows by capitalizing on our leading Jones Act market position, complementary time charter and spot market exposures,
 and long-standing customer relationships; 

Emphasize
 the quality of our operations and adhere to the highest safety and environmental standards attainable; and 

Seek
 out opportunities to increase scale and drive cost efficiencies through a disciplined approach to investment in core and adjacent
 asset classes to maximize return on capital across market cycles. 

We
believe we are well-positioned long-term to generate strong cash flows by identifying and taking advantage of attractive
chartering opportunities in the U.S. market. We currently operate one of the largest tanker fleets in the U.S. Flag market, with
a strong presence in all major U.S. coastwise trades. Our market position allows us to maintain long-standing relationships with
many of the largest energy companies, which in some cases date back many decades. We consider attaining the stability of cash
flow offered by medium-term charters to be a fundamental characteristic of the objectives of our chartering approach. However,
considerations about the appropriate amount of capacity to remain active in the spot market are a regular management discussion
point and balancing time charter coverage with spot market exposure in an uncertain demand environment is a persistent challenge.
Over time, we pursue an overall chartering strategy that seeks to cover the majority of available operating days with medium-term
time charters. A policy of medium-term charters may not be profitable or prove achievable under certain market conditions.
As such, during periods of uncertainty in the markets within which we operate, more of our vessels will be exposed to the more
volatile and less predictable spot market with a corresponding impact on the amount of revenue our vessels may earn. 

We
believe that OSG has good standing in the community of our customers, our peers and our regulators, with a long established
reputation for maintaining the highest standards in both protecting the environment and maintaining the health and
safety of all of our employees. We believe that continued improvement in these areas is important not only to the constituents
directly affected, but equally as important in sustaining a key differentiating competitive factor amongst the customers we serve. 

We
actively manage the size and composition of our fleet through opportunistic acquisitions and dispositions of vessel assets as
part of our effort to achieve attractive returns on capital. We seek to opportunistically grow our fleet through the timely
and selective acquisition of high-quality secondhand vessels or new-build contracts when we believe those acquisitions will result
in attractive returns on invested capital and increased cash flow. We also seek to engage in opportunistic dispositions
or repurposing of our vessel assets where we can achieve attractive values relative to their anticipated future earnings from
operations as we assess market cycles and requirements. Taken together, we believe these activities will help us to maintain a
diverse, high-quality and modern fleet of crude oil, refined product, and potentially other U.S. Flag vessels with an enhanced
return on invested capital. We believe our diverse and versatile fleet, our experience and our long-standing relationships with
participants in the crude and refined product shipping industry, position us to identify and take advantage of attractive acquisition
opportunities in any vessel class in the U.S. Flag market. 

Customers 

OSG s customers include major
independent oil traders, refinery operators and U.S. and international government entities. The Company s top three customers
comprised 34.1 of shipping revenues during the year ended December 31, 2020. See Note 2 - Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for further information
regarding the Company s customers for 2020 and 2019. 

1 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

FLEET
OPERATIONS 

Fleet
Summary 

As
of December 31, 2020, OSG s operating fleet consisted of 25 vessels, 13 of which were owned, with the remaining vessels
chartered-in. Vessels chartered-in are on Bareboat Charters. 

Vessels Owned 
 Vessels Chartered-In 
 Total at December 31, 2020 
 
 Vessel Type 
 Number 
 Number 
 Total Vessels 
 Total dwt (3) 
 
 Handysize Product Carriers (1) 
 6 
 11 
 17 
 810,825 
 
 Crude Oil Tankers (2) 
 3 
 1 
 4 
 772,194 
 
 Refined Product ATBs 
 2 
 
 2 
 54,182 
 
 Lightering ATBs 
 2 
 
 2 
 91,112 
 
 Total Operating Fleet 
 13 
 12 
 25 
 1,728,313 

(1) 
 Includes
 two owned shuttle tankers, 11 chartered-in tankers, and two non-Jones Act MR tankers
 that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, all of which are U.S. flagged,
 as well as two owned Marshall Island flagged non-Jones Act MR tankers trading
 in international markets. 

(2) 
 Includes
 three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska and one crude oil tanker bareboat chartered-in and in layup. 

(3) 
 Total
 dwt is defined as aggregate deadweight tons for all vessels of that type. 

Commercial
Management 

Time-Charter
Market 

The
Company s operating fleet includes a number of vessels that operate on time charters. Within a contract period, time charters
provide a predictable level of revenues without the fluctuations inherent in spot-market rates. Once a time charter expires, however,
the ability to secure a new time charter may be uncertain and subject to market conditions. Time charters constituted 82 
of the Company s shipping revenues in 2020 and 74 in 2019 and 84 of the Company s TCE revenues in 2020 and 77 in
2019. 

Spot
Market 

Voyage charters and COAs constituted
18 of the Company s shipping revenues in 2020, 26 in 2019, and 16 of the Company s aggregate TCE revenues in 2020 and
23 in 2019. Accordingly, the Company s shipping revenues are affected by prevailing spot rates for voyage charters in the
markets in which the Company s vessels operate. Spot market rates are highly volatile due to utilization while in the
spot market, which is driven by market forces, including local and worldwide demand for the commodities carried (such
as crude oil or petroleum products), volumes of trade, distances that the commodities must be transported, the amount of available
tonnage both at the time such tonnage is required and over the period of projected use, and the levels of seaborne and shore-based
inventories of crude oil and refined products. 

Seasonal
trends affect oil consumption and consequently vessel demand. While trends in consumption vary with seasons, peaks in demand quite
often precede the seasonal consumption peaks as refiners and suppliers try to anticipate consumer demand. The timing of peaks
in oil demand vary within the markets in which we operate. Available tonnage is affected over time by the volume of newbuild
deliveries, the number of tankers used to store clean products and crude oil, and the removal (principally through recycling
or conversion) of existing vessels from service. Recycling is affected by the level of freight rates, recycling
prices, vetting standards established by charterers and terminals and by U.S. governmental regulations that establish maintenance
standards. Voyage charters include COAs on three vessels. Changes in the percentage contributions are therefore affected by Delaware
Bay lightering volumes. In addition, as ships come off of their time charters, they may be forced into short-term trades. 

2 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Business
Segment 

The
Company has one reportable business segment. The Company s 24 active vessel fleet, of which 22 are U.S. Flag vessels, consists
of three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska, two conventional ATBs, two lightering ATBs, three shuttle tankers, ten MR
tankers, and two non-Jones Act MR tankers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. The Company also owns and operates
two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers that trade internationally. Under the Jones Act, shipping between U.S. ports, including
the movement of Alaskan crude oil to U.S. ports, is reserved for U.S. Flag vessels that satisfy Jones Act requirements, including
requirements that vessels be constructed in the United States and owned by companies that are more than 75 owned and controlled
by U.S. citizens. OSG is one of the largest commercial owners and operators of U.S. Flag vessels and participates in U.S. government
programs, including the following: 

Maritime
Security Program Two non-Jones Act U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which is
designed to ensure that militarily useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of
war or national emergency. Each of the vessel-owning companies with a ship that participates in the program receives an
annual stipend that is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag.
Such stipend was 5,058 on one vessel and 4,607 on one vessel in 2020 and 5,000 for each vessel in 2019. 

Under
the terms of the program, the Company expects to receive up to 5,200 annually for each vessel during 2021. The Company does not
receive a stipend with respect to any days for which a vessel operates under a time charter to a U.S. government
agency. 

Maritime
Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation MarAd trading restrictions Two of the modern U.S.
Flag ATBs owned by the Company, which are currently used in the Delaware Bay Lightering activity, had their construction financed
with the Capital Construction Fund CCF ). As such, daily liquidated damages are payable by the Company to MarAd
if these vessels operate in contiguous coastwise trades, which is not permitted under trading restrictions currently imposed by
the CCF agreement between MarAd and the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, liquidated damages incurred were
not material. 

On
March 12, 2020, the Company s subsidiaries completed the purchase of the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend 
and Alaskan Navigato r from BP Oil Shipping Company USA and AP AMI Leasing Inc. BP and have entered into
a bareboat charter with BP for a fourth vessel, the Alaskan Frontier . The Alaskan Frontie r is currently in layup.
In connection with these transactions, the Company also completed the acquisition of the other members interests in ATC,
making ATC a wholly owned subsidiary of OSG. Operating results of these vessels are included from that date. 

OSG has 11 Handysize product carriers in our U.S. Flag fleet
that are chartered-in and provide for the payment of profit share to the owners of the vessels calculated in accordance with the
respective charter-in agreements. Due to reserve funding requirements, no profits have yet been paid to the owners or are, based
on management s current forecast, expected to be paid to the owners in the current calendar year. 

Technical
Management 

OSG s
fleet operations are managed in-house. In addition to regular maintenance and repair, crews onboard each vessel and shore side
personnel must ensure that the Company s fleet meets or exceeds regulatory standards established by the International Maritime
Organization IMO and USCG. 

The
Company recruits, hires and trains the crews on its U.S. Flag vessels. The Company believes that its mandatory training and education
requirements exceed the requirements of the USCG. The Company believes its ability to provide professional development for qualified
U.S. Flag crew is necessary in a market where skilled labor shortages are expected to remain a challenge. The U.S. Flag fleet
is supported by shore side staff that includes fleet managers, marine and technical superintendents, purchasing and marine insurance
staff, crewing and training personnel and health, safety, quality and environmental SQE personnel. 

3 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Safety 

The
Company is committed to providing safe, reliable and environmentally sound transportation to its customers. Integral to meeting
standards mandated by regulators and customers is the use of robust Safety Management Systems SMS by the Company.
The SMS is a framework of processes and procedures that addresses a spectrum of operational risks associated with quality, environment,
health and safety. The SMS is certified to the International Safety Management Code ISM Code promulgated by the
IMO. To support a culture of compliance and transparency, OSG has an open reporting system on all of its vessels, whereby seafarers
can anonymously report possible violations of OSG s policies and procedures. All open reports are investigated, and appropriate
actions are taken when necessary. 

HUMAN CAPITAL 

We
are dedicated to providing safe, reliable and environmentally sound transportation services to our customers, and our employees
are critical to achieving this mission. In order to achieve this, it is crucial that we continue to attract and retain experienced
and qualified employees. We emphasize ethical behavior and respect and promote equal opportunity by creating a culture of trust,
accountability and empowerment. The sense of responsibility shared by OSG s mariners and the shore-based support team in
meeting the essential need to supply transportation fuels to the markets that we serve is commendable. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately 931 employees comprised of 848 seafarers and 83 shore side staff. The Company
has collective bargaining agreements with three different U.S. maritime unions which, as of December 31, 2020, covered 658 of
the seafarers employed on the Company s vessels. These agreements are in effect for periods ending between March 2021 and
June 2022. Under the collective bargaining agreements, the Company is obligated to make contributions to pension and other welfare
programs. 

Compensation
and Benefits Program. Our compensation program is designed to attract and reward talented individuals who possess the skills
necessary to support our business objectives, assist in the achievement of our strategic goals and create long-term value for
our shareholders. We provide employees with competitive compensation packages that include base salary as well as employees benefits
such as life and health (medical, dental vision) insurance, paid time off, paid parental leave, and certain postretirement
benefits. 

Training
and Education. Our seafarers are highly trained with many officers having both USCG licenses as well as business or engineering
degrees. Regardless of position, specialized training to work in the industry based on USCG requirements, as well as vessel specific
training within our fleet is a necessity. Years of experience is required in order to move into higher levels of authority on
our vessels. Our training and education programs are designed to address applicable regulations as well as the specific hazards
and work environments of each of our vessels. We regularly conduct safety reviews to ensure compliance with applicable regulations
and all policies and procedures. 

Health
and Safety. The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed
to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we implemented significant operating
environment changes that we determined were in the best interest of our employees, as well as the communities in which we operate,
and which comply with government regulations. This includes providing personal protective equipment, minimizing crew changes,
managing the locations where crew members board and depart from our vessels, certifications by crew members to disclose symptoms
and the health of those they have been in contact with, sanitization of the vessels, mandating face coverings, social distancing
and temperature checks, and requiring testing and quarantining in certain instances. Protocols were developed with the coordination
and assistance of the unions in order to provide consistency within the industry. 

Having
a well-maintained fleet is also critical to create an environment where our crew can work safely. Our fleets undergo regular and
frequent surveys by classification societies and regulatory bodies as well as vettings by our customers on an ongoing basis. Issues
identified are swiftly addressed. Our seafarers are encouraged to provide transparent reporting of issues and near-misses, in
order to remedy conditions as soon as they are observed. 

COMPETITION 

OSG s
primary competitors are operators of U.S. Flag oceangoing barges and tankers, operators of rail transportation for crude oil,
and operators of refined product pipelines systems that transport refined petroleum products directly from U.S. refineries
to markets in the United States. In addition, indirect competition comes from International Flag vessels transporting imported
refined petroleum products. 

ENVIRONMENTAL,
SAFETY AND SECURITY MATTERS 

The
majority of OSG s vessels are registered in the United States and are subject to the jurisdictional oversight of the USCG.
OSG also owns and operates two vessels registered in the Marshall Islands that are subject to the jurisdictional oversight
of the Republic of Marshall Islands RMI registry. 

OSG
is also subject to compliance with several other government agency regulations including but not limited to the Environmental
Protection Agency EPA ), the Maritime Administration of the United States Department of Transportation, and
the United States Customs and Border Protection Agency. OSG vessels are classed with the American Bureau of Shipping ABS and are subject to the requirements of the classification society in addition to regulatory oversight on behalf of the USCG (under
various protocols and agreements covering certain statutory survey and certification functions for U.S. flagged vessels)
and on behalf of the RMI (under various protocols and agreements covering certain statutory survey and certification
functions for Marshall Islands flagged vessels). 

The majority of vessels owned and operated
by OSG are engaged in U.S. coastwise trade, with some vessels engaged in trade to and from countries outside of the United
States. OSG s vessels operate in a highly regulated environment, subject to international conventions and international, national,
state and local laws and regulations in force in the countries such vessels call upon, significantly affecting the operation of
the vessels. Among the more significant of the international conventions to which the United States is signatory are the
International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships MARPOL ), the International Convention for the
Safety of Life at Sea SOLAS ), and the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping
for Seafarers. 

Geopolitical
reactions to industry-related accidents have historically heightened the level of environmental, health, safety and security
awareness among various stakeholders, including insurance underwriters, regulators, and charterers, leading to increased regulatory
requirements and more stringent inspection regimes on all vessels. In recognition of this heightened awareness, OSG has set appropriate
internal controls intended to monitor regulatory developments and to implement measures intended meet the higher expectations
of our stakeholders. 

OSG
is required to maintain operating standards for all its vessels emphasizing operational safety and quality, environmental stewardship,
preventive planned maintenance, continuous training of its officers and crews and compliance with international and United States
regulations, including regular and rigorous in-house inspections and audits. In addition, a variety of governmental and private
entities subject OSG s vessels to both scheduled and unscheduled inspections. These entities include USCG, local port state
control authorities (harbor master or equivalent), flag states, coastal states, Classification Societies and customers, particularly
major oil companies and petroleum terminal operators. Certain of these entities require OSG to obtain permits, licenses and certificates
for the operation of its vessels. Failure to maintain necessary documents or approvals could require OSG to incur substantial
costs or temporarily suspend operation of one or more of OSG s vessels. 

4 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OSG
believes that the operation of its vessels complies with applicable environmental laws and regulations. However, because such
laws and regulations are changed frequently, and new laws and regulations impose new or increasingly stringent requirements, OSG
cannot predict the cost of complying with requirements beyond those that are currently in force. The impact of future regulatory
requirements on operations or the resale value or useful lives of its vessels may result in substantial additional costs in meeting
new legal and regulatory requirements. See Item 1A, Risk Factors-Compliance with complex laws, regulations, and, in particular,
environmental laws or regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gases, may adversely affect OSG s
business. 

Regulations
Preventing Pollution of Seas by Oil 

The
maritime industry is subject to numerous regulations and conventions intended to prevent pollution of the seas from ships. Regulated
pollution sources include but are not limited to oil, hazardous substances, garbage, sewage, ballast water, antifouling
paint and biofouling organisms. 

MARPOL
Annex I addresses requirements for the prevention of pollution by oil and oily materials generated in the engine room and from
the cleaning of cargo tanks, while MARPOL Annex II addresses requirements for the prevention of pollution by noxious liquid substances NLSs ). 

The
United States regulates the shipping industry with an extensive regulatory and liability regime for environmental protection and
cleanup of oil spills, consisting primarily of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 OPA 90 and the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA ). OPA 90 affects all owners and operators whose vessels trade
with the United States or its territories or possessions, or whose vessels operate in the waters of the United States, which include
the United States territorial sea and the 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone around the United States. CERCLA applies to
the discharge of hazardous substances (other than oil) whether on land or at sea. Both OPA 90 and CERCLA impact OSG s operations.
OPA 90 amended the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to require owners and operators of vessels to adopt Vessel Response Plans VRPs ), including marine salvage and firefighting plans, for reporting and responding to vessel emergencies
and oil spill scenarios up to a worst case scenario. The requirements also require OSG to identify and seek to ensure, through
contracts or other approved means, the availability of necessary private response resources to respond to a worst case discharge.
The plans must include contractual commitments with clean-up response contractors and salvage and marine firefighters to ensure
an immediate response to an oil spill or vessel emergency. OPA 90 also requires training programs and periodic drills for shore
side staff and response personnel and for vessels and their crews. OSG maintains valid USCG approved VRPs for each of its
tank and non-tank vessels. 

IMO
regulations require owners and operators of vessels to adopt Shipboard Oil Pollution Emergency Plans SOPEPs ),
including periodic training and drills for response personnel and for vessels and their crews. In addition to SOPEPs, OSG
has adopted Shipboard Marine Pollution Emergency Plans SMPEPs ), which cover potential releases not only of oil
but of any NLSs. OSG s SOPEPs and SMPEPs remain valid. 

US
Liability Standards and Limits 

Under OPA 90, vessel owners, operators
and bareboat or demise charterers are responsible parties who are liable, without regard to fault, for all containment and clean-up
costs and other damages, including property and natural resource damages and economic loss without physical damage to property,
arising from oil spills and pollution from their vessels. On November 12, 2019, the limits of OPA 90 liability were increased
as follows: (i) for tank vessels with qualifying double hulls to the greater of 2,300 per gross ton,
or approximately 19.9 million per vessel over 3,000 gross tons; and (ii) for non-tank vessels, to the greater of 1,200
per gross ton, or approximately 0.1 million per vessel. 

The
statute specifically permits individual states to impose their own liability regimes for oil pollution incidents occurring within
their boundaries, and some states have enacted legislation providing for unlimited liability for discharge of pollutants
within their waters. In some cases, states that have enacted this type of legislation have not yet issued implementing regulations
defining vessel owners responsibilities under these laws. CERCLA, which applies to owners and operators of vessels, contains
a similar liability regime and provides for cleanup, removal and natural resource damages associated with discharges of hazardous
substances (other than oil). Liability under CERCLA is limited to the greater of 300 per gross ton, or 5 million. 

5 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

These
limits of liability do not apply, however, when the incident is caused by violation of applicable U.S. federal safety, construction
or operating regulations, or by the responsible party s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Similarly, these limits
do not apply if the responsible party fails or refuses to report the incident or to cooperate and assist in connection with the
substance removal activities. OPA 90 and CERCLA each preserve the right to recover damages under existing law, including maritime
tort law. 

OPA
90 requires owners and operators of vessels to establish and maintain with the USCG evidence of financial responsibility sufficient
to meet the limit of their potential strict liability consistent with the limits of liability described above. Under OPA90
regulations, evidence of financial responsibility may be demonstrated by insurance, surety bond, self-insurance, guaranty,
or an alternative method subject to approval by the director of the USCG National Pollution Funds Center. Under OPA 90 regulations,
an owner or operator of more than one vessel is required to demonstrate evidence of financial responsibility for the entire fleet
in an amount equal only to the financial responsibility requirement of the vessel having the greatest maximum strict liability
under OPA 90 and CERCLA. 

OSG
has provided the requisite proofs of financial security and has received Certificates of Financial Responsibility from the USCG
for each of its vessels required to have one. OSG carries various forms of marine insurance for each of its vessels, with pollution
liability insurance in the amount of 1.0 billion, and deductibles ranging from 0.025 million to 0.030 million per vessel per
incident. However, a catastrophic spill could exceed the insurance coverage available, in which event there could be a material
adverse effect on OSG s business. 

International
Liability Standards and Limits 

Compensation
for oil pollution damage caused by spills from oil tankers is governed by an international regime developed under the auspices
of the IMO. The original International Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage of 1969 (the 1969 Convention was amended in 1992 (the 1992 Protocol and entered into force on May 30, 1996. 

Many
countries have ratified and follow the liability plan adopted by the IMO as set out in the 1969 Convention yet some of these countries
have also adopted the 1992 Protocol. Under both the 1969 Convention and the 1992 Protocol, a vessel s registered owner is
strictly liable for pollution damage caused in the territorial waters of a contracting state by discharge of persistent oil, subject
to certain complete defenses. These conventions also limit the liability of the shipowner under certain circumstances. 

The
1992 Protocol allows for states party to the 1992 Protocol to issue certificates to ships registered in states which are not party
to the 1992 Protocol, so that a shipowner can obtain certificates to both the 1969 and 1992 CLC, even when the ship is registered
in a country which has not yet ratified the 1992 Protocol. This is important because a ship which has only a 1969 CLC may find
it difficult to trade in a country which has ratified the 1992 Protocol, since it establishes higher limits of liability. 

These
conventions calculate liability in terms of Special Drawing Rights currency values. The figures in this section are therefore
converted into U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates on January 4, 2021 and are approximate. 

Under
the 1992 Protocol, the owner s liability is limited except where the pollution damage results from its personal act or omission,
committed with the intent to cause such damage, or recklessly and with knowledge that such damage would probably result. Under
the 2000 amendments to the 1992 Protocol, which became effective on November 1, 2003, liability is limited to 6.5 million for
a ship not exceeding 5,000 units of tonnage, 6.5 million plus 914 for each additional gross ton over 5,000 for vessels of 5,000
to 140,000 gross tons, and 127.2 million for vessels over 140,000 gross tons, subject to the exceptions discussed above for the
1992 Protocol. 

6 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Vessels
trading in states that are parties to these conventions must provide evidence of insurance covering the liability of the owner.
The United States is not a party to the 1969 Convention or the 1992 Protocol. In other jurisdictions where the 1969 Convention
has not been adopted, various legislative schemes or common law govern, and liability is imposed either on the basis of fault
or in a manner similar to that convention. OSG believes that its protection and indemnity insurance will cover any liability under
the plan adopted by the IMO. 

The
International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage, 2001, which became effective on November 21, 2008,
is a separate convention adopted to ensure that adequate, prompt and effective compensation is available to persons who suffer
damage caused by spills of oil when used as fuel by vessels. The convention applies to damage caused to the territory, including
the territorial sea, and in its exclusive economic zones, of states that are party to it. While the United States has not yet
ratified this convention, vessels operating internationally would be subject to it, if sailing within the territories of those
countries that have implemented its provisions. OSG believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. 

Regulations
Preventing Pollution of Seas by Sewage 

MARPOL
Annex IV Annex IV as well as the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations regulate the discharge of sewage to sea as the
discharge of raw sewage into the sea can create a health hazard, can lead to oxygen depletion and can be an obvious visual pollution
in coastal areas. Annex IV also includes regulations regarding the ships equipment and systems for the control of sewage
discharge, the provision of port reception facilities for sewage and requirements for survey and certification. OSG has implemented
all regulatory requirements and believes that its vessels comply with these requirements. 

Sewage
discharge is also subject to national and local regulations which set forth further restrictions, in some cases prohibiting the
discharge of treated sewage and the establishment of No Discharge Zones NDZs ). The most recent NDZs were introduced
in Puget Sound in Washington State in 2018, prohibiting the discharge of treated or untreated sewage. OSG vessels are all equipped
with Marine Sanitation Devices compliant with regulatory requirements for each type of vessel, has implemented controls to comply
with various international, national and state regulatory requirements. OSG believes that its vessels comply with these requirements.
If other NDZs are introduced or other new or more stringent requirements relating to sewage discharges by vessels are adopted
by the states or countries where OSG s vessels operate, compliance may require OSG to incur substantial capital expenditures. 

Regulations
Preventing Pollution of Seas by Garbage 

MARPOL
Annex V, as well as, the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations regulates the prevention of pollution to sea by garbage. The most recent
amendment to Annex V, which came into effect March 1, 2018, implemented greater restrictions in the type of garbage able to be
discharged to sea, added e-waste to the categories of garbage to be collected, stored, processed and disposed of, and required
changes to the manner in which garbage is recorded. OSG has implemented all regulatory requirements and believes that its vessels
comply with these requirements. 

Regulations
Preventing Air Pollution 

MARPOL
Annex VI Annex VI addresses air pollution from vessels and sets limits on sulfur oxide SOx and
nitrogen oxide NOx emissions from ship exhausts including prohibiting deliberate emissions of ozone depleting
substances, such as chlorofluorocarbons. Annex VI also regulates shipboard incineration and the emission of volatile organic compounds VOCs from tankers. Under Annex VI, vessels are subject to further air emission controls within Emission Control
Areas ECAs ). Currently designated ECAs are the Baltic Sea, North Sea, North American and U.S. Caribbean. The North
American Emission Control Area ECA encompasses the area extending 200 miles from the coastlines of the Atlantic,
Gulf and Pacific coasts and the eight main Hawaiian Islands. The United States Caribbean Sea ECA encompasses water around Puerto
Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. 

7 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Fuel
used by all vessels operating in or transiting through the ECA cannot exceed 0.1 m/m sulfur. More stringent NOx emission Tier
III emission limits are applicable to engines installed on ships constructed on or after January 1, 2016 operating in ECAs. OSG
believes that its vessels comply with the current requirements of MARPOL Annex V ECAs. If other ECAs are approved by the IMO or
other new or more stringent requirements relating to emissions from marine diesel engines or port operations by vessels are adopted
by the EPA or the states where OSG operates, compliance could require or affect the timing of fuel costs associated with operating
in another ECA. 

Commencing
January 1, 2020, the global sulfur cap for ship operations was reduced from 3.5 m/m to 0.5 m/m outside ECAs as legislated by
MARPOL Annex VI. In ECAs, the limit remains at 0.1 m/m. 

In
2019, OSG commenced operating two new Marshall Islands flag tankers equipped with open-loop exhaust gas cleaning systems EGCS designed to burn high-sulfur bunker fuel to comply with the 0.5 sulfur limit. OSG has implemented all regulatory requirements
associated with the use of EGCS. 

In
July 2011, the IMO further amended Annex VI to include energy efficiency standards for new ships through the designation of an
Energy Efficiency Design Index EEDI ). The EEDI standards apply to new ships of 400 gross tons or above (except
those with diesel-electric, turbine or hybrid propulsion systems). New ships for purposes of this standard are those for which
the building contract was placed on or after January 1, 2013; or in the absence of a building contract, the keel of which is laid,
or which is at a similar stage of construction, on or after July 1, 2013; or the delivery of which is on or after July 1, 2015.
The EEDI standards phase in from 2013 to 2025 and are anticipated to result in significant reductions in fuel consumption, as
well as, air and marine pollution. The composition of OSG s fleet of vessels, as of December 31, 2020, includes two vessels
under which the EEDI standards apply. 

The
EPA has implemented rules comparable to those of Annex VI to increase the control of air pollutant emissions from certain large
marine engines by requiring certain new marine-diesel engines installed on U.S. built ships to meet lower NOx standards. EPA Tier
2 standards were phased in beginning in 2004 and generally reduced NOx emissions by 27 and introduced a particulate matter limit PM for the first time. EPA Tier 3 standards were phased in beginning in 2009 and represented a 50 reduction in
PM and a 20 reduction in NOx over Tier 2 levels. EPA Tier 4 standards were phased in beginning in 2014 and represented a 90 
reduction in PM and 80 reduction in NOx compared to Tier 2 levels and generally required advanced technology such as selective
catalytic reduction or exhaust gas recirculation. Adoption of these and emerging standards may require substantial modifications
to some of OSG s existing marine diesel engines and may require OSG to incur substantial capital expenditures if the engines
are replaced. 

The
U.S. Clean Air Act of 1970, as amended by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1977 and 1990 CAA ), requires the EPA
to promulgate standards applicable to emissions of volatile organic compounds and other air contaminants. The CAA also requires
states to draft State Implementation Plans SIPs ), designed to attain national health-based air quality standards
in major metropolitan and industrial areas. Several SIPs regulate emissions resulting from tank vessel loading and degassing operations
by requiring the installation of vapor control equipment. OSG s vessels are subject to vapor control and recovery requirements
for certain cargoes when loading, unloading, ballasting, cleaning and conducting other operations in regulated port areas. All
OSG s vessels are equipped with vapor control systems that satisfy these requirements. Although a risk exists that new regulations
could require significant capital expenditures and otherwise increase its costs, OSG believes, based upon the regulations that
have been proposed to date, no material capital expenditures beyond those currently contemplated and no material increase in costs
are likely to be required as a result of the SIPs program. 

The
Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environment Control DNREC monitors OSG s U.S. Flag lightering
activities within the Delaware River. Lightering activities in Delaware are subject to Title V of the Coastal Zone Act of 1972
and OSG is the only marine operator with a Title V permit to engage in lightering operations. These lightering activities are
monitored and regulated through DNREC s Title V air permitting process. The regulations are designed to reduce the number
of VOCs entering the atmosphere during a crude oil lightering operation through the use of vapor balancing. This defined process
has reduced air emissions associated with venting of crude oil vapors to the atmosphere. In accordance with its Title V permit,
OSG s Delaware Lightering fleet is 100 vapor balance capable. 

8 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

In
February 2005, the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (the Kyoto Protocol became effective. Pursuant to the Kyoto Protocol, adopting countries are required to implement national programs to reduce emissions
of certain gases, generally referred to as greenhouse gases GHGs ), which contribute to global warming. The United
Nations Climate Change Conference forged a new international framework in December 2015 (the Paris Agreement ), which
entered into force on November 4, 2016. The Paris Agreement sets a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature
to well below 2 degrees Celsius and pursuing efforts to limit the increase to 1.5 degrees Celsius, to be achieved by aiming to
reach a global peaking of greenhouse gas GHG emissions as soon as possible. To meet these objectives, the participating
countries, acting individually or jointly, are to develop and implement successive nationally determined contributions. In 2016,
the United States signed the Paris Agreement but, in August 2017, the U.S. State Department officially informed the United Nations
of the United States intent to withdraw. On January 20, 2021, the United States rejoined the Paris Agreement. 

Though
the Paris Agreement does not specifically mention shipping, the IMO is committed to developing limits on GHGs from international
shipping and is working on proposed mandatory technical and operational measures to achieve these limits. The
IMO s fourth study of GHG emissions was released on August 4, 2020 indicating a 9.6 increase in GHG emissions from global
maritime shipping since 2012 and predicted an increase by up to 50 over the next few decades to 2050, relative to 2018, if measures
are not taken to reduce GHG emissions from international shipping by at least 50 by 2050 compared to 2008. 

In
addition to Annex VI, there are regional mandates in ports and certain territorial waters within the European Union EU regarding reduced SOx emissions. In December 2012, an EU directive that aligned the EU requirements with Annex VI entered into
force. These requirements establish maximum allowable limits for sulfur content on 0.1 m/m in fuel oils used by vessels when
operating within certain areas and waters and while at berth in EU ports. 

In
2011, the European Commission established a working group on shipping to provide input to the European Commission in its work
to develop and assess options for the inclusion of international maritime transport in the GHG reduction commitment of the EU.
The EU Monitoring, Reporting, Verification Regulation MRV was adopted on April 29, 2015 and creates an EU-wide
framework for the monitoring, reporting and verification of carbon dioxide emissions from maritime transport. The MRV requires
large ships (over 5,000 gross tons) conducting cargo operations in EU ports commencing January 1, 2018, to collect and later publish
verified annual data on carbon dioxide emissions. OSG believes that its vessels are in compliance with these regulations. 

In
the United States, pursuant to an April 2007 U.S. Supreme Court decision, the EPA was required to consider whether carbon dioxide
should be considered a pollutant that endangers public health and welfare, and thus subject to regulation under the U.S. Clean
Air Act. On December 1, 2009, the EPA issued an endangerment finding regarding GHGs under the Clean Air Act. In
2015, the EPA issued standards limiting carbon pollution from new and existing fossil fuel-fired power plants and in 2016 found
that oil and gas sector sources of methane and GHGs from aircraft engines contribute to dangerous climate-changing air pollution.
To date, the regulations proposed and enacted by the EPA have not involved ocean-going vessels. 

In
2011, IMO s Greenhouse Gas Work Group agreed on Ship Energy Efficiency Management Plan SEEMP development
guidelines which entered into force on January 1, 2013. The primary objective of the SEEMP is to improve the overall operating
efficiency of a ship through the implementation of optimized methods for energy and fuel savings. An energy efficiency certificate
is issued for both new and existing ships of 400 gross tons or above and remains valid throughout its lifetime, until the ship
is withdrawn from service, unless a new certificate is issued following a major conversion of the ship or until transfer of the
ship to the flag of another state. In 2016, the IMO revised the SEEMP guidelines requiring vessels to implement a ship-specific
fuel oil consumption data plan to collect, aggregate and report ship data with regard to annual fuel oil consumption, distance
traveled, hours underway and other data required by regulation 22A of MARPOL Annex VI. This requirement took effect on January
1, 2019 and is to be administered by the USCG for U.S. Flag vessels and the RMI for Marshall Islands flag vessels. In 2020, OSG
submitted its first annual fuel oil consumption data for 2019 to the IMO through USCG s recognized organization, the American
Bureau of Shipping. 

OSG
believes that its vessels are compliant with the current requirements of Annex VI and the EPA. Additionally, OSG believes for
its vessels that operate in the EU, they are compliant with the regional mandates applicable in the EU. Future passage of climate
control legislation or other regulatory initiatives by the IMO, EU, United States or other countries where OSG operates that restrict
emissions of GHGs could require significant additional capital or operating expenditures and could have operational impacts on
OSG s business. Although OSG cannot predict such expenditures and impacts with certainty at this time, they may be material
to OSG s results of operations. 

9 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Ballast
Water Pollution Regulations 

OSG s
vessels are subject to international, national and local ballast water management regulations. At the international level, the
International Convention for the Control and Management of Ships Ballast Water and Sediments BWM Convention was adopted by the IMO in 2004 and it entered into force on September 8, 2017. The BWM Convention is applicable to new and existing
vessels that are designed to carry ballast water. It defines a discharge standard consisting of maximum allowable levels of critical
invasive species designed to protect the marine environment from the introduction of non-native (alien) species as a result of
the carrying of ships ballast water from one place to another. As tank vessels must take on ballast water in order to maintain
their stability and draft and must discharge the ballast water when they load their next cargo, when emptying the ballast water
which they carried from the previous port, they may release organisms and pathogens that have been identified as being potentially
harmful in the new environment. 

This
standard will be met by installing treatment systems that render the invasive species non-viable. In addition, each vessel flying
the flag of a signatory to the BWM Convention will be required to have on board a valid International Ballast Water Management
Certificate, a Ballast Water Management Plan and a Ballast Water Record Book. 

The
United States is not a signatory to the BWM Convention, and is not expected to be in the future, since it currently regulates
ballast water management under two federal, partially overlapping regulatory schemes. One is administered by the USCG under the
National Aquatic Nuisance Prevention and Control Act of 1990, as amended by the National Invasive Species Act of 1996, and the
other is administered by the EPA under the U.S. Clean Water Act CWA ). Several U.S. states also have their own supplemental
requirements. Since the U.S. is not a signatory to the BWM Convention, U.S. Flag vessels cannot be issued a Ballast Water Management
Certificate. Instead, the American Bureau of Shipping has been authorized to issue a Statement of Voluntary Compliance SOVC to any U.S. Flag vessel that has an approved Ballast Water Management Plan that contains the information required by the BWM Convention.
A SOVC is expected to satisfy the requirements of Port State Control in countries that are a signatory to the BWM Convention,
but it is not guaranteed to do so. 

The
discharge of ballast water and other substances incidental to the normal operation of vessels in U.S. ports as noted above is
subject to CWA permitting requirements. In accordance with the EPA s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System NPDES ),
OSG is subject to a Vessel General Permit VGP ), which addresses, among other matters, the discharge of ballast
water and effluents including the submission of annual reports for each vessel OSG operates. The VGP, which was first issued in
2008 and subsequently reissued in 2013, identifies twenty-six vessel discharge streams and establishes numeric ballast water discharge
limits that generally align with the performance standards implemented under USCG s 2012 final rule and the IMO Convention.
It also sets more stringent effluent limits for oil to sea interfaces and exhaust gas scrubber wastewater. The EPA s phase-in
schedule generally matches that of the USCG. The EPA determined that it will not issue extensions under the VGP, but in December
2013 it issued an Enforcement Response Policy ERP to address this industry-wide issue. In the ERP, the EPA states
that vessels that have missed their compliance dates to meet the numeric discharge limits for ballast, but have received an extension
from the USCG, are in compliance with all of the VGP s requirements, other than the numeric discharge limits, and meet certain
other requirements, will be considered a low enforcement priority. While OSG believes that any vessel that is or may become subject
to the VGP s numeric discharge limits while in a USCG extension period will be entitled to such low priority treatment as
per the ERP, no assurance can be given that they will do so. 

On
December 4, 2018, the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act VIDA was signed into law and restructures
the way EPA and the USCG are to regulate incidental discharges in the future, including prohibiting EPA and individual states
from permitting these discharges under the NPDES permitting program. Instead, the discharges will be regulated under a new CWA
Section 312(p) program: Uniform National Standards for Discharges Incidental to Normal Operation of Vessels. VIDA is expected
to phase out provisions of the VGP and existing USCG regulations over a four-year period, replacing them with EPA-developed National
Standards of Performance NSPs and USCG implementation, compliance and enforcement regulations for those NSPs,
which are expected to become effective in December 2022. 

10 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

In
March 2012, the USCG promulgated its final rule on ballast water management for the control of nonindigenous species in U.S. waters.
While generally in line with the performance standards set out in the BWM Convention, the final rule requires that treatment systems
for domestic and foreign vessels operating in U.S. waters must be type approved by the USCG. Under this rule, a treatment system
is required to be installed (or equivalent method of management employed) by the vessel s first regularly scheduled drydocking
after January 1, 2016. The USCG issued over 14,000 extensions for vessels, due to delays in their type approval process, which
generally delayed their compliance dates another five years, including various OSG owned and operated vessels. In 2020, OSG began
installing ballast water treatment systems on its vessels with the final installation to be completed in 2023. 

OSG
complies with these regulations through ballast water management plans implemented on each of the vessels it technically manages.
To meet existing and anticipated ballast water treatment requirements, including those contained in the BWM Convention, OSG has
a fleetwide action plan to comply with IMO, EPA, USCG and possibly more stringent U.S. state mandates as they are implemented
and become effective, which may require the installation and use of costly control technologies. OSG anticipates that, in the
next several years, compliance with the various conventions, laws and regulations relating to ballast water management that have
already been adopted or that may be adopted in the future will require substantial additional capital or operating expenditures
and could have operational impacts on OSG s business. 

Safety
of Life at Sea 

The
SOLAS convention addresses the safety of merchant ships. Amendments to the SOLAS conventions come into force yearly and flag states
are responsible for ensuring that ships under their flag comply with its requirements. 

The
majority of OSG s vessels are currently registered in the United States, except for two that are registered in RMI, who
in coordination with the classification society, inspect vessels to ensure compliance with SOLAS requirements as well as requirements
listed in the Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable. Control provisions also allow contracting governments to inspect ships
of other contracting states if there are clear grounds for believing that the ship and its equipment do not substantially comply
with the requirements of the SOLAS convention - this procedure is known as port state control. Various certificates are prescribed
by the SOLAS convention as proof of compliance and issued to vessels by the U.S. Coast Guard and by the classification society
on their behalf. OSG believes that its vessels comply with the current requirements of SOLAS, as applicable, to the type of vessel
operated. 

Under
the ISM Code, promulgated by the IMO, vessel operators are required to develop a safety management system that includes, among
other things, the adoption of a safety and environmental protection policy describing how the objectives of a functional safety
management system will be met. OSG has a safety management system for each of its operating subsidiaries, with instructions and
procedures for the safe operation of its vessels, reporting accidents and non-conformities, internal audits and management reviews
and responding to emergencies, as well as, defined levels of responsibility. The ISM Code requires OSG to have a Document of Compliance DoC for the vessels it operates and a Safety Management Certificate SMC for each vessel it operates.
Once issued, these certificates are valid for a maximum of five years. OSG in turn must undergo an annual internal audit and an
external verification audit to maintain the DoC. In accordance with the ISM Code, each vessel must also undergo an annual internal
audit at intervals not to exceed 12 months and vessels must undergo an external verification audit twice in a five-year period. 

OSG
maintains a DoC which was reissued for five years on September 17, 2017 with requirements for annual audits by the USCG. ATC maintains
a DoC which was reissued for five years on July 11, 2019 with requirements for annual audits by the USCG. OSG is also certified
to the SQE requirements of the ABS Guide for Marine Health, Safety, Quality, Environmental and Energy Management, which also includes
meeting the requirements of the International Standards of Organization in ISO9001:2015 (Quality Management) and ISO14001:2015
(Environmental Management) for the management of operation of oil tankers, chemical tankers and other cargo ships. 

11 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
SMC for each vessel is issued after verifying that the company responsible for operating the vessel and its shipboard management
operate in accordance with the approved safety management system. No vessel can obtain a certificate unless its operator has been
awarded a DoC issued by the administration of that vessel s flag state or as otherwise permitted under SOLAS. Noncompliance
with the ISM Code and other IMO regulations may subject the shipowner or charterer to increased liability, may lead to decreases
in available insurance coverage for affected vessels and may result in the denial of access to, or detention in, some ports. For
example, the USCG and EU authorities have indicated that vessels not in compliance with the ISM Code will be prohibited from trading
to U.S. and EU ports. 

Other
EU Legislation and Regulations 

The
EU has adopted legislation that: (1) bans manifestly sub-standard vessels (defined as those over 15 years old that have been detained
by port authorities at least twice in the course of the preceding 24 months) from European waters, creates an obligation for port
states to inspect at least 25 of vessels using their ports annually and provides for increased surveillance of vessels posing
a high risk to maritime safety or the marine environment, and (2) provides the EU with greater authority and control over Classification
Societies, including the ability to seek to suspend or revoke the authority of negligent societies. 

OSG
believes that none of its vessels meet the sub-standard vessel definitions contained in the EU legislation. EU directives require
EU member states to introduce criminal sanctions for illicit ship-source discharges of polluting substances (e.g., from tank cleaning
operations) which result in deterioration in the quality of water and has been committed with intent, recklessness or serious
negligence. Certain member states of the EU, by virtue of their national legislation, already impose criminal sanctions for pollution
events under certain circumstances. OSG cannot predict what additional legislation or regulations, if any, may be promulgated
by the EU or any other country or authority, or how these might impact OSG. 

In
2013, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union (EU) adopted the Ship Recycling Regulation (EU SRR) which
entered into force on December 31, 2018. This regulation is intended to reduce the negative impacts linked to the recycling of
ships flying the flag of Member States of the EU. The EU SRR also affects non-EU-flagged vessels, as ships flying a third-country
flag (non-EU flag) calling at a port or anchorage of an EU member state shall have a certified Inventory of Hazardous Material
(IHM), commencing December 31, 2020. OSG has conducted IHM surveys on five of its vessels that call upon EU countries and will
need to implement a certified IHM on any other vessels planning to call upon the EU. 

Security
Regulations and Practices 

In
2002, the U.S. Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 MTSA came into effect and the USCG issued regulations
in 2003 implementing certain portions of the MTSA by requiring the implementation of certain security requirements aboard vessels
operating in waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. Similarly, in July 2004, amendments to SOLAS specifically
dealing with maritime security came into effect, imposing various detailed security obligations on vessels and port authorities,
most of which are contained in the International Ship and Port Facilities Security Code (the ISPS Code ). Among other
things, the ISPS Code requires the development of vessel security plans and compliance with flag state security certification
requirements. To trade internationally, a vessel must attain an International Ship Security Certificate ISSC from
a recognized security organization approved by the vessel s flag state. All of OSG s vessels have developed and implemented
vessel security plans that have been approved by the USCG, have obtained an ISSC and comply with applicable security requirements. 

OSG
monitors the waters in which its vessels operate for pirate activity. Company vessels that transit areas where there is a high
risk of pirate activity follow best management practices for reducing risk and preventing pirate attacks compliant with protocols
established by the naval coalition protective forces operating in such areas. 

In
recent years, the maritime community has commenced addressing the vulnerability of ship operations to cyber security threats,
both at sea and while in port. Exposure to these threats has become pervasive due to the increasing reliance on information and
operating technology systems used in the management of ship operations. Because these systems control multiple aspects of ship
operations, they become integral parts of system and operational safety. In 2014 IMO s Maritime Safety Committee supported
a Canadian and U.S. recommendation to develop voluntary guidelines on maritime cyber security practices. Since then, a wide variety
of regulatory requirements and best practice guidance has been generated by industry stakeholders. In December 2016, the USCG
published a cybersecurity policy letter regarding the criteria and process for the reporting of suspicious activity and breach
of security and added cybersecurity to the list of security items covered by the MTSA. In June 2017, IMO adopted a resolution
to encourage member governments to ensure that cyber risks are appropriately addressed in safety management systems no later than
the first annual verification on OSG s DoC after January 1, 2021. 

Security
breaches and viruses could expose OSG to claims, litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent security
breaches (including the inability of our third-party vendors to prevent security breaches) could also cause existing clients to
lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation, cause losses to us or our clients, damage our brand
and increase our costs. OSG completed a fleetwide upgrade of its Information Technology IT systems in 2020 to
further protect its infrastructure against the threat of security breaches and computer viruses. OSG has also implemented a variety
of required cyber security protocols and believes that both its operating technology and IT systems are appropriately protected. 

12 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

INSPECTION
BY CLASSIFICATION SOCIETIES 

Every
oceangoing vessel must be classed by a Classification Society. The Classification Society certifies that the vessel
is in class signifying that the vessel has been built and maintained in accordance with the rules of the Classification
Society and complies with applicable rules and regulations of the vessel s country of registry and the international conventions
of which that country is a member. In addition, where surveys are required by international conventions and corresponding laws
and ordinances of a flag state, the Classification Society will undertake them on application or by official order, acting on
behalf of the authorities concerned. The Classification Society also undertakes on request, other surveys and checks that are
required by regulations and requirements of the flag state. These surveys are subject to agreements made in each individual case
and/or to the regulations of the country concerned. 

Regular
and extraordinary surveys of hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and any special equipment classed are required to
be performed for a vessel to maintain its class certification. For seagoing ships, annual surveys are conducted for the hull and
the machinery, including the electrical plant and where applicable for special equipment classed, at intervals of 12 months from
the date of commencement of the class period indicated in the certificate. Intermediate surveys are typically conducted two and
one-half years after commissioning and upon each class renewal. Intermediate surveys may be carried out on the second or third
annual survey. 

Vessels
are required to dry dock for inspection of the underwater hull at each intermediate survey and at each class renewal survey. For
vessels less than 15 years old, Classification Societies permit in water inspections by divers in lieu of dry docking for intermediate
surveys, subject to other requirements of such Classification Societies. Class renewal surveys, known as special surveys, are
carried out for the ship s hull, machinery, including the electrical plant, and for any special equipment classed, at the
intervals indicated by the character of classification for the hull. 

At
the special survey, the vessel is thoroughly examined, including audio-gauging to determine the thickness of the steel structures.
Should the thickness be found to be less than class requirements, the Classification Society would prescribe steel renewals. Substantial
amounts of money may have to be spent for steel renewals to pass a special survey if the vessel experiences excessive wear and
tear. In lieu of the special survey every four or five years, depending on whether a grace period was granted, a shipowner has
the option of arranging with the Classification Society for the vessel s hull or machinery to be on a continuous survey
cycle, in which every part of the vessel would be surveyed within a five-year cycle. Upon a shipowner s request, the surveys
required for class renewal may be split according to an agreed schedule to extend over the entire period of class survey period.
This process is referred to as continuous class renewal. 

If
defects are found during any survey, the Classification Society surveyor will issue a recommendation which must
be rectified by the vessel owner within prescribed time limits. 

Most
insurance underwriters make it a condition for insurance coverage that a vessel be certified as in class by a Classification
Society that is a member of the International Association of Classification Societies IACS ). In December 2013,
the IACS adopted new harmonized Common Structure Rules, which will apply to crude oil tankers and dry bulk carriers to be constructed
on or after July 1, 2015. All OSG s vessels are currently, and OSG expects will be, certified as being in class 
by the ABS, a major classification society. All new and secondhand vessels that OSG acquires must be certified prior to their
delivery under OSG s standard purchase contracts and memorandum of agreement. If the vessel is not certified on the date
of closing, OSG has no obligation to take delivery of the vessel. 

INSURANCE 

Consistent with the prevailing practice
in the industry, OSG presently carries protection and indemnity P I insurance coverage for pollution of 1.0
billion per occurrence on every vessel in its fleet, as well as for other perils faced by vessel owners and operators in varying
limits. Currently, the fleet is entered through membership in four different mutual protection and indemnity associations P I
Associations ), all of whom are members of the International Group of P I clubs. The P I Associations that comprise
the International Group insure approximately 90 of the world s commercial tonnage and have entered into a pooling agreement to
reinsure each other s liabilities. Each P I Association has capped its exposure to each of its members at approximately
 7.5 billion through reinsurance arrangements. As a member of a P I Association that is a member of the International Group,
OSG is subject to calls payable to the P I Associations based on its claim record as well as the claim records of all other
members of the individual P I Associations of which it is a member, and the members of the pool of P I Associations comprising
the International Group. Each of OSG s vessels is insured by one of four P I Associations with deductibles ranging from
 0.025 million to 0.150 million per vessel per incident. While OSG has historically been able to obtain pollution coverage at
commercially reasonable rates, no definitive assurances can be given that such insurance will continue to be available in the
future. 

13 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OSG
also carries marine hull and machinery and war risks (including piracy) insurance, which includes the risk of actual or constructive
total loss, for all of its owned and operated vessels except for one where the risk is borne by the vessel s owner as noted
under the contract. The vessels are each covered up to at least their fair market value, with deductibles ranging from 0.1 million
to 0.125 million per vessel per incident. OSG is self-insured for hull and machinery claims in amounts in excess of the individual
vessel deductibles up to a maximum aggregate loss of 0.750 million per policy year. 

TAXATION
OF THE COMPANY 

The
following U.S. tax law applicable to the Company is based on the provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
existing and U.S. Treasury Department regulations, administrative rulings, pronouncements and judicial decisions, all as of the
date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. No assurance can be given that changes in or interpretation of existing laws will not
occur or will not be retroactive or that anticipated future circumstances will in fact occur. 

Tonnage
Tax 

OSG
made an election to have the foreign operations of OSG s U.S. Flag vessels taxed under a tonnage tax regime
rather than the usual U.S. corporate income tax regime. As a result, OSG s gross income for U.S. income tax purposes with
respect to eligible U.S. Flag vessels does not include (1) income from qualifying shipping activities in U.S. foreign trade (i.e.,
transportation between the United States and foreign ports or between foreign ports), (2) income from cash, bank deposits and
other temporary investments that are reasonably necessary to meet the working capital requirements of qualifying shipping activities,
and (3) income from cash or other intangible assets accumulated pursuant to a plan to purchase qualifying shipping assets. OSG s
taxable income with respect to the operations of its eligible U.S. Flag vessels, of which there are two, is based on a daily
notional taxable income, which is taxed at the highest U.S. corporate income tax rate. The daily notional taxable income
from the operation of a qualifying vessel is 40 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel up to 25,000 net tons, and
20 cents per 100 tons of the net tonnage of the vessel in excess of 25,000 net tons. The taxable income of each qualifying vessel
is the product of its daily notional taxable income and the number of days during the taxable year that the vessel operates in
U.S. foreign trade. 

On
September 30, 2019, OSG took delivery of two Marshall Islands flagged vessels which are trading in the international markets under
one-year time charters. As these new vessels are not U.S. Flag vessels, they do not qualify for the U.S. income tax exclusion
described in the above paragraph. Therefore, the operations are subject to U.S. taxation and included in the calculation of taxable
income. In addition, the Marshall Islands flagged vessels will be taxed under the daily notional taxable income 
under the Marshall Islands tonnage tax regime. The daily notional taxable income from the operation of the vessels are 500 for
2,500 net tonnage or less, 20 cents per net tonnage between 2,501 to 5,000 net tonnage, 17 cents per net tonnage between 5,001
to 25,000 net tonnage, 15 cents per net tonnage between 25,001 to 50,000 net tonnage and 12.5 cents per net tonnage over 50,000
net tonnage. The tonnage tax of the vessels is the product of its daily notional taxable income and the percentage of days during
the taxable year the vessels operate in U.S. foreign trade. 

14 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business, including our operating results and financial condition, are subject to a wide variety of risks, including risks not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial but that could materially and adversely affect our business.
In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other information contained in our filings with the SEC, including our
financial statements and related notes. Actual dollar amounts are used in this section. 

Risks
Related to the COVID-19 pandemic 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has materially and adversely impacted the global and US economies. The economic headwinds posed by this have impacted our industry and our business
and depending upon its duration and severity will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has impacted our industry and our business in significant ways, creating new risks and heightening existing
risks. The environment within which we operate is, has been, and continues to be under ongoing stress, presenting risks and vulnerabilities
that have previously not affected our performance. The level of uncertainty about the extent, duration and ultimate impact of
the forces that are currently unsettling our markets has never been greater and will impact how supply, demand and price of crude
oil will unfold in the months ahead. Direct management and operational risks exist now and are likely to continue and increase
in the future relating to our ability to effectively sustain operational readiness. Maintaining the health of our key employees
to operate our vessels and executives to manage the business during this turbulent time is critical. Our ability to adapt and
implement policies and procedures in this regard, and to anticipate associated costs, are subject to developing consensus with
relevant constituencies, including regulatory authorities, health officials, unions, customers, and those in our industry and
supply chain, to achieve consistency and a common approach to coping with the very real and very difficult problems presented
by COVID-19. 

We
have experienced, and there are heightened risks that we will continue to experience for the foreseeable future relating to:
(i) drastic decreases in demand; (ii) uncertainties in the oil trading markets, with volatile and unpredictable oil pricing;
(iii) heightened risk of off-hire periods resulting from managing virus-related delays; (iv) incurring costs for testing,
cleaning, quarantine, immunization and certifications; (v) ability to comply with what are evolving, and sometimes
conflicting, logistical health and safety protocols. (vi) difficulty in easily accessing critical supplies such as face masks
and other personal protective equipment; (vii) risks related to the reliability and effectiveness of testing methodologies
and PPE; (viii) delays in receiving critical supplies, in receiving services of specialized technicians and inspectors, and
in concluding vetting of the vessels; (ix) restrictions on travel to or from countries in which OSG operates, or the
inability to access certain areas; (x) reduced availability of airlines and other transportation modes to move our crews into
position and increased costs associated with such travel; (xi) challenges getting crew to and from the vessels in a manner
that both protects their personal safety and endeavors to assure that a joining crew member is not bringing COVID-19 onboard
or is otherwise affecting a vessel s acceptability in service; (xii) increased costs to develop, implement and enforce
policies and procedures to deal with all of these challenges; and (xiii) restricted port policies for pilots, tugs and inspections. 

Further
risks relate to potential longer-term impacts of the pandemic on our Jones Act trade. The models we typically use to forecast
demand may not be reliable in the wake of this health emergency. A V-shaped recovery is not expected in transportation fuel demand,
with uneven recovery predicted in various fuel sectors. The shape and speed of fuel demand recovery could have significant negative
impacts on our key customers, refineries in particular, which would likely have a material impact on both domestic tank vessel
demand as well as on OSG s expected forward revenue streams. 

As of March 1, 2021, we
have seven vessels in layup due to the lack of demand. While laying up a vessel mitigates our risks and lowers our cost, there
are costs involved and no offsetting revenue. For those vessels in service, we are experiencing reduced cargo volumes and increased
idle times, derivatives of falling refinery runs and unprecedented demand destruction for transportation fuels arising out of
stay-at-home policies in many populated regions. 

Volatility
in rates is expected to continue. The overall level of crude oil production cuts in the U.S. over the coming months and the impact
of these cuts on the relative price differentials between domestic and comparable international crude oil are significant factors
for the U.S. trades. Even if energy prices rise, the fact that crude oil production has declined, coupled with the increase of
tonnage released back into the market once product stored is delivered for consumption, will likely impact negatively on future
rates. We have heightened exposure to risks to those of our vessels operating on the spot market, as rate and utilization assumptions
for those vessels must cover a wide range of possible scenarios. 

15 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Risks
Related to Our Company 

The
Company may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of its indebtedness and could breach covenants in its credit
facilities and term loans. 

The
Company s earnings, cash flow and the market value of its vessels vary significantly due to direct impacts of the COVID-19
pandemic, general economic, competitive and market conditions affecting the industry, and the cyclical nature of the tanker industry,
with many of these factors beyond the control of the Company. The amount of debt that OSG can manage in some periods may not be
appropriate for other periods and OSG s ability to meet the financial covenants to which it is subject or may be subject
in the future may be at risk. Any insufficiency could negatively impact OSG s business. 

The
term loan, due 2023, contains certain restrictions relating to new borrowings, the movement of funds between OBS and OSG, and
financial covenants. Other financings to which OSG is a party contain similar restrictions and financial covenants. Insufficiencies
in earnings, cash flow and market value of the vessels could require the Company to make mandatory payments or cause the Company
to breach certain covenants. If the Company is unable to remedy the relevant breach or obtain a waiver, the Company s lenders
could accelerate its debts and foreclose on the Company s owned vessels. 

If
OSG does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to satisfy its debt obligations, it may have to undertake alternative
financing plans, such as selling tankers or other assets, reducing or delaying investments and capital expenditures, refinancing
or restructuring its debt, and/or seeking to raise additional capital. The Company s ability to restructure or refinance
its debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, its access to such markets and its financial condition at that time.
Any future refinancing of debt could be at higher interest rates and might require the Company to comply with more onerous covenants,
which could further restrict OSG s business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt instruments may
restrict OSG from adopting certain alternatives. These potential undertakings and alternative measures may not be successful and
may not permit OSG to meet its scheduled debt service obligations. 

The
Company s inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy its debt obligations, to meet its financial covenants and/or
to obtain alternative financing in such circumstances, could materially and adversely affect OSG s business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

OSG
has incurred significant indebtedness, which could affect our ability to finance operations, pursue desirable business opportunities
and successfully run the business in the future, all of which could affect OSG s ability to fulfill its obligations under
that indebtedness. 

As
of December 31, 2020, OSG had 429.1 million of outstanding indebtedness. This substantial indebtedness and interest expense could
have important consequences, including (i) limiting OSG s ability to use cash flow from operations in other areas of its
business, such as for working capital, because a substantial portion of these funds are dedicated to service its debt; (ii) requiring
the Company to seek to incur additional indebtedness in order to make planned capital expenditures and other expenses or investments;
(iii) limiting OSG s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements,
acquisitions, and other expenses or investments planned by the Company; (iv) limiting the Company s flexibility and ability
to capitalize on business opportunities and to react to competitive pressures and adverse changes in government regulation, and
OSG s business and industry; (v) limiting OSG s ability to satisfy its obligations under its indebtedness or to refinance
its indebtedness; (vi) increasing OSG s vulnerability to a downturn and to adverse economic and industry conditions generally;
and (vii) limiting the Company s ability to enter into hedging transactions by reducing the number of counterparties with
whom OSG can enter into such transactions as well as the volume of those transactions. 

OSG s
ability to continue to fund its obligations and to reduce debt may be affected by general economic, financial market, competitive,
legislative and regulatory factors, among other things. An inability to fund the Company s debt requirements or reduce debt
could have a material adverse effect on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

16 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
Company s significant operating leases could be replaced on less favorable terms or may not be replaced, and a portion of
the vessels leased are in layup . 

The
Company s fleet includes ten vessels that have been chartered-in under operating leases. Four of the ten vessels are currently
in layup. These leases expire at various points in the future and may not be replaced at all or on as favorable terms. The bareboat
charter hire continues to be due and paid even if the vessel is in lay-up, with no corresponding revenue. These circumstances
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future financial position, results of operations and cash flow. 

Changes
in demand in specialized markets in which the Company currently operates or changes in governmental support may lead the Company
to redeploy certain vessels to other markets or put its ability to participate in specialized markets at risk. 

The
Company conducts lightering operations in the Delaware Bay with one ATB built for these operations. If there is lower demand for
this vessel in the Delaware Bay lightering market, the Company might have to redeploy this ATB in other markets in which it may
not be able to compete profitably and/or may require substantial modification. In addition, the Company would be required to pay
daily liquidated damages to MarAd if this vessel was deployed in the contiguous coastwise trades. 

The
Company has two vessels participating in the MSP which derive a substantial percentage of revenues earned from transporting cargoes
reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under MarAd s cargo preference program, which is set up to be compliant with certain laws
and regulations that require shippers to give U.S.-flag vessels a preference to transport any government-impelled ocean borne
cargoes. Among the currently available government impelled cargoes is a contract the Company has with the Government of
Israel GOI to deliver fuel through December 31, 2021, which the GOI funds with grants from the U.S. government.
The Company also seeks other government impelled cargoes to supplement the GOI business; however, there is no assurance
the Company will be able to secure such cargoes. If the OSG is unable to retain the GOI business or is unable to obtain significant
other charters for these vessels, the Company may no longer be able to participate in the MSP. 

The
Company operates three Jones Act MR Shuttle Tankers, two of which are currently operating as shuttle tankers serving offshore
oil installations in the Gulf of Mexico. Modifications made to enable these tankers to perform the specialized service of a shuttle
tanker required the Company to incur substantial capital costs, which in turn allow the Company to earn a premium to market rates
earned by conventional Jones Act tankers. The customers with wells and fields in the Gulf of Mexico have high cash production
costs and, as such, are vulnerable to production cuts or shut down in response to persistently low oil prices. While shuttle tankers
can serve as conventional tankers without further modification, future reduction in the demand for specialized shuttle tanker
services could limit the Company s ability to earn such premiums. 

If
OSG is no longer able to participate in any of these niche businesses, the Company s business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

OSG
may not be able to renew Time Charters when they expire or enter into new Time Charters and vessels may be placed in layup. 

OSG s
ability to renew expiring contracts or obtain new charters will depend on the prevailing market conditions at the time of renewal.
Renewals or new contracts may be at less favorable rates. There may be a gap in employment between charters or the vessel may
only be able to be employed on the spot market, both of which would affect utilization rates and result in increased costs to
the Company. If there is no demand for a vessel, there is also a risk of the necessity to layup the vessel. These occurrences
would adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Constraints
on capital availability have adversely affected the tanker industry and OSG s business. 

Constraints
on capital may adversely affect the financial condition of the Company s customers, lenders, suppliers, and others. While
OSG seeks to monitor the financial condition of its customers, lenders and suppliers, the availability and accuracy of information
about them and the actions that OSG may take to reduce possible losses resulting from the failure of such entities to comply with
their contractual obligations may be limited. In addition, adverse financial conditions may inhibit these entities from entering
into new commitments with OSG. These factors could have a material adverse effect on OSG s revenues, profitability and cash
flows, as well as its borrowing ability and financial condition. 

17 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
Company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from a limited number of customers, and the loss of, or reduction in business
by, any of these customers, should they be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, could materially adversely affect its
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The
Company s largest customers account for a significant portion of its revenues. The Company s top three customers comprised
approximately 34.1 of the Company s revenues during 2020. The loss of, or reduction in business by, any of these customers
could materially adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Operating
costs and capital expenses will increase as the Company s vessels age and due to unexpected drydocks. 

In
general, capital expenditures, cargo insurance rates and other costs necessary for maintaining a vessel in good operating condition
increase as the age of the vessel increases. Changes in governmental regulations and compliance with Classification Society standards
may restrict the type of activities in which the vessels may engage and/or may require OSG to make additional expenditures for
new equipment. Vessels must be drydocked periodically for inspection and maintenance, and in the event of accidents or other unforeseen
damage. The cost of repairs and renewals required at each drydock are difficult to predict with certainty but can be substantial,
and the Company s insurance may not cover these costs. Vessels in drydock will generally not generate any income. In addition,
the time when a vessel is out of service for maintenance is determined by a number of factors including regulatory deadlines,
market conditions, shipyard availability and customer requirements. 

As
a result of these factors, OSG may be required to incur substantial costs or take its vessels out of service. Market conditions
may not justify such expenditures or permit OSG to operate its vessels profitably even if those vessels remain operational. These
cost increases, delays, expenses and off-hire time could have a material adverse effect on OSG s business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

The
Company is subject to credit risks with respect to its counterparties on contracts, and any failure by those counterparties to
meet their obligations could cause the Company to suffer losses on such contracts, decreasing revenues and earnings. 

The
Company has entered into, and in the future will enter into, various contracts associated with the operation of its vessels. The
ability of each of the Company s counterparties to perform its obligations under a contract with it will depend on a number
of factors that are beyond the Company s control and may include, among other things, general economic conditions; availability
of debt or equity financing; the condition of the maritime and offshore industries; the financial condition of the counterparty;
charter rates received for specific types of vessels; and various expenses. Charterers are sensitive to the commodity markets
and may be impacted by market forces affecting commodities such as oil. In addition, as we are currently experiencing, in depressed
market conditions, the Company s charterers and customers may no longer need a vessel that had been under charter or contract
or may be able to obtain a comparable vessel at lower rates. As a result, the Company s customers may fail to pay charter
hire or attempt to renegotiate charter rates. If the counterparties fail to meet their obligations, the Company could suffer losses
on such contracts which would decrease revenues, cash flows and earnings. 

Maritime
claimants could arrest OSG s vessels, which could interrupt cash flows. 

Crew
members, suppliers of goods and services to a vessel, shippers of cargo and other parties may be entitled to a maritime lien against
that vessel for unsatisfied debts, claims or damages. In many jurisdictions, a maritime lien holder may enforce its lien by arresting
a vessel through foreclosure proceedings. The arrest or attachment of one or more of the Company s vessels could interrupt
OSG s cash flow and require it to pay a significant amount of money to have the arrest lifted. Claimants could try to assert
 sister ship liability against one vessel in the Company s fleet for claims relating to another vessel in its
fleet which, if successful, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 

18 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Interruption,
failure or breach of OSG s information technology and communications systems could impair its ability to operate and adversely
affect its business. 

OSG
has both on-shore and ship-board systems that are highly dependent on information technology systems. Information technology and
communication systems are subject to reliability issues, integration and compatibility concerns, and security-threatening intrusions.
OSG may experience failures caused by the occurrence of natural disasters, computer hacking or viruses or other unanticipated
problems at OSG s facilities, aboard its vessels or at third-party locations. The Company collects, stores and transmits
data using both internal information technology systems and those of third-party vendors. The secure storage, processing, maintenance,
and transmission of sensitive data, including our own proprietary business information and that of our customers, and personally
identifiable information of our customers and employees, is critical to the Company s operations. OSG s network, or
those of our clients or third-party vendors, could be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, or targeted attacks
intended to steal or destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage. 

The
Company may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against these threats or to alleviate problems
caused by security breaches or viruses. Security breaches and viruses could expose us to claims, litigation and other possible
liabilities and could also cause customers to lose confidence in our systems. Any failure of OSG s or third-party systems
could result in interruptions in service, reductions in its revenue and profits, damage to our reputation and brand, or liability
for the release of confidential information. 

Delays
or disruptions in implementing new technological and management systems could impair the Company s ability to operate and
adversely affect its business. 

The
Company is currently in the process of transitioning to a new software system for managing ship operations. From time to time
the Company implements new systems or upgrades technological resources utilized in running its business. The transition to new
technology requires a significant investment in capital and personnel resources and the coordination of numerous software and
system providers and internal business teams. The Company may experience difficulties as it manages these changes and transitions
to a new system and upgrades its technological resources, including loss or corruption of data, delays, decreases in productivity
as personnel implement and become familiar with new systems and processes, and unanticipated expenses. Additionally, the Company
could be adversely affected if the new software system it is implementing for managing ship operations or other new or upgraded
technological resource are defective, not installed properly, fail to perform as marketed or are not properly integrated into
existing operations. In addition, the implementation of a new system may not result in improvements that outweigh the cost of
implementation. System implementation failures or operational failures, including unauthorized access by third parties to our
new software system (which could have the effects described in the preceding risk factor) could have adverse effects on the Company s
business, financial position, and ability to operate in a complex industry. 

We
could face significant liability if one or more multiemployer plans in which we participate is reported to have underfunded liabilities
and we withdraw from participation in one or more multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. 

The
Company is a party to collective-bargaining agreements that require contributions to three jointly managed multiemployer pension
plans covering seagoing personnel of U.S. Flag vessels. Our required contributions to these plans could increase because of a
shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these
plans, the inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, low interest rates, lower than expected
returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. Certain of these multiemployer plans are currently underfunded.
Significantly underfunded pension plans are required to improve their funding ratios within prescribed intervals based on the
level of their under-funding. As a result, OSG s required contributions to these plans may increase in the future. In addition,
a termination of or voluntary withdrawal from or a mass withdrawal of all contributing employers from an underfunded multiemployer
pension plan would require OSG to make payments to the plan for our proportionate share of such multiemployer pension plan s
unfunded vested liabilities. See Note 16, Pension and Other Post Retirement Benefit Plans, to the Company s
consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 8 for additional information. Requirements to pay increased contributions
or withdrawal liabilities could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and results of operations. 

19 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Risks
Related to Our Industry 

Volatile
 changes in charter rates and vessel values
could adversely affect the Company s earnings, liquidity and available cash. 

The marine transportation industry
is both cyclical and volatile in terms of demand, charter rates and profitability. Fluctuations in charter rates and
vessel values result from changes in supply and demand both for tanker capacity and for oil and oil products. Factors
affecting these changes in supply and demand are generally outside of the Company s control. Aside from the impacts
of the COVID-19 pandemic, additional factors influencing the demand for tanker capacity include: (i) supply and
demand for, and availability of energy resources such as oil, oil products and natural gas, which affect customers 
need for vessel capacity; (ii) availability of refining capacity and inventories; (iii) changes in the production levels of
crude oil; (iv) increases in the supply of Jones Act vessels without a commensurate increase in demand; (v) global and
regional economic and political conditions, including armed conflicts, terrorist activities and strikes, and international
sanctions, embargoes, import and export restrictions or nationalizations and wars that could impact the supply of oil ; (vi)
changes in seaborne and other transportation patterns, including changes in the distances that cargoes are transported,
changes in the price of crude oil and changes to the West Texas Intermediate and Brent Crude Oil pricing benchmarks; and
(vii) competition from alternative sources of energy. 

Many
of the factors that influence the demand for tanker capacity will also, in the longer term, effectively influence the supply of
tanker capacity, since decisions to build new capacity, invest in capital repairs, or to retain in service older capacity are
influenced by the general state of the marine transportation industry from time to time. Factors influencing the supply of
vessel capacity include (i) the number of newbuild deliveries or the conversion of vessels into or out of transporting oil; (ii)
the number of vessels removed from service, such as via recycling, scrapping or conversion to storage; and (iii) the availability
and pricing of other energy sources such as natural gas for which tankers can be used or to which construction capacity may be
dedicated. 

The nature, timing and degree of
changes in industry conditions are unpredictable and could adversely affect the values of the Company s vessels or result
in significant fluctuations in the amount of charter revenues the Company earns, which could result in significant volatility
in OSG s quarterly results and cash flows. 

The
market value of vessels fluctuates significantly, which could adversely affect OSG s liquidity or otherwise adversely affect
its financial condition. 

While Jones Act and U.S. Flag vessel
market values have, on average, generally declined over the past several years, the market value of Jones Act vessels has fluctuated
over time. 

The fluctuating market values of the vessels
can impact the Company s liquidity regardless of whether the Company sells or continues to hold the vessels. For example,
selling a vessel at a sale price that is less than the vessel s carrying amount on the Company s financial
statements will result in a loss on the sale and a reduction in earnings and surplus. Declining values of the Company s
vessels could adversely affect the Company s liquidity by limiting its ability to raise cash by refinancing vessels. 

The Company may also experience significant
impairment charges upon a decline in vessel value. Any charges relating to such impairments could adversely affect the Company s
results of operations and financial condition. 

20 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Changes in fuel prices may adversely
affect profits. 

Fuel is a significant, if not the largest,
expense in the Company s shipping operations when vessels are under voyage charter. Accordingly, an increase in the price
of fuel may adversely affect the Company s profitability if these increases cannot be passed onto customers. Moreover, higher
fuel prices could reduce the profitability and competitiveness of the Company s business compared to other forms of transportation.
The price and supply of fuel is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside the Company s control. 

OSG conducts certain of its operations internationally,
which subjects the Company to changing economic, political and governmental conditions abroad that may adversely affect its business. 

The Company conducts certain of its operations
internationally, and its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by changing
economic, political and government conditions in the countries and regions where its vessels are employed. OSG must comply with
complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, such as environmental regulations requiring investments and upgrades, the
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials,
anti-money laundering laws; and anti-competition regulations. OSG s operations may also subject its employees and agents
to extortion attempts. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions
on the Company s business operations and on the Company s ability to transport cargo to one or more countries, and
could also materially affect the Company s brand, ability to attract and retain employees, international operations, business
and operating results. Although OSG has policies and procedures designed to achieve compliance with these laws and regulations,
OSG cannot be certain that its employees, contractors, joint venture partners or agents will not violate these policies and procedures. 

Shipping is a business with inherent risks, and OSG s
insurance may not be adequate to cover its losses. 

OSG s vessels and their cargoes are
at risk of being damaged or lost due to accidents, bad weather, mechanical failure, human error, and other factors. These
hazards may result in death or injury; loss of revenues or property; environmental damage; higher insurance rates; damage to
customer relationships and industry reputation; and market disruptions, and delay or rerouting, all of which may also subject
OSG to litigation. The operation of tankers has unique operational risks associated with the transportation of oil. An oil
spill may cause significant environmental damage and the associated costs could exceed the insurance coverage available to
the Company. 

While
the Company carries insurance to protect against certain of these risks, risks may arise against which the Company is not adequately
insured. In the past, new and stricter environmental regulations have led to higher costs for insurance covering environmental
damage or pollution, and new regulations could lead to similar increases or even make this type of insurance unavailable. 

Terrorism,
piracy, or hostilities could adversely affect the Company s business. 

Although
the Company s fleet operates mainly in U.S. waters, there are occasions when a vessel may be in an area where terrorist
or pirate attacks, or hijacking are a concern. If attacks result in regions in which the Company s vessels are deployed
being characterized by insurers as war risk zones or Joint War Committee war and strikes listed
areas, premiums payable for insurance coverage could increase significantly, and such insurance coverage may become difficult
to obtain. Crew costs could also increase in such circumstances due to risks of piracy attacks. While OSG believes the
charterer remains liable for charter payments when a vessel is seized by pirates, disputes with the charterer may result in
the delay or non-payment of charter hire, or cancellation of the charter party. The Company may not be adequately insured to
cover losses from these incidents, or an increase in the cost (or unavailability) of insurance for those vessels could have a
material adverse impact on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such attacks may
also impact the Company s customers, which could impair their ability to make payments to the Company under its
charters. 

Terrorism or international hostilities
could cause political instability, damage the world economy, adversely affect the availability of and demand for crude oil and
petroleum products and adversely affect both the Company s ability to charter its vessels and the charter rates payable
under any such charters. These factors could also increase the costs to the Company of conducting its business, particularly crew,
insurance and security costs, and prevent or restrict the Company from obtaining insurance coverage, all of which could have a
material adverse effect on OSG s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

21 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Risks
Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

The
Company s business would be adversely affected if it failed to comply with the Jones Act s limitations on U.S. coastwise
trade, or if these limitations were waived, modified or repealed, or if changes in international trade agreements were to occur. 

The
Company is responsible for monitoring the foreign ownership of its common stock and other interests to ensure compliance with
the Jones Act. The Company could lose the privilege of owning and operating vessels in the Jones Act trade if non-U.S. Citizens
were to own or control, in the aggregate, more than 25 of the equity interests in the Company. Such loss would have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. In addition, failure to comply with the Jones Act could
result in the Company being deemed to have violated other U.S. federal laws that prohibit a foreign transfer of U.S. documented
vessels without government approval, resulting in severe penalties, including permanent loss of U.S. coastwise trading privileges
or forfeiture of the vessels deemed transferred, and fines. 

Maritime
 transportation services are currently excluded from the General
Agreement on Trade in Services GATS and are the subject of reservations by the United States in the North American
Free Trade Agreement NAFTA and other international free trade agreements. If maritime transportation services
were included in GATS, NAFTA or other international trade agreements, or if the restrictions contained in the Jones Act were otherwise
repealed or altered, the transportation of maritime cargo between U.S. ports could be opened to international flag or foreign
built vessels. Interest groups regularly lobby Congress, and legislation has been introduced, to repeal certain provisions
of the Jones Act or to grant extensive waivers so as to facilitate international flag competition for trades and cargoes currently
reserved for U.S. Flag vessels under the Jones Act. The Company expects that continued efforts will be made to modify, repeal,
or waive the Jones Act. Because international vessels may have lower construction costs, wage rates and operating costs, this
could significantly increase competition in the coastwise trade, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

The
U.S. government could requisition the Company s vessels during a period of war or emergency, which may negatively impact
the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash. 

The
U.S. government could requisition one or more of the Company s vessels for title or hire, typically occurring during a period
of war or emergency. The U.S. government requisition of one or more of the Company s vessels could impact the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations and available cash if the charter rates we receive from the government while
on requisition are less than the charter rates that are being replaced, or if the government refuses to pay the requisition charter
rate, in which case we would seek recovery through our insurance policies. 

Compliance
with complex laws and regulations, including those seeking to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 virus, and environmental laws
and regulations, including those relating to the emission of greenhouse gas gases and ballast water treatment, may adversely
affect OSG s business. 

The
Company is subject to the oversight of several government agencies, including the U.S. Coast Guard, the Environmental Protection
Agency and the Maritime Administration of the U.S. Department of Transportation. OPA 90 affects all vessel owners shipping oil
or hazardous material to, from or within the United States. OPA 90 allows for potentially unlimited liability without regard to
fault for owners, operators and bareboat charterers of vessels for oil pollution in U.S. waters. Similarly, the International
Convention on Civil Liability for Oil Pollution Damage, 1969, as amended, which has been adopted by most countries outside of
the United States, imposes liability for oil pollution in international waters. OPA 90 expressly permits individual states to
impose their own liability regimes with regard to hazardous materials and oil pollution incidents occurring within their boundaries.
Coastal states in the United States have enacted pollution prevention liability and response laws, many providing for unlimited
liability. The Company s operations are affected by these
extensive and changing international, national and local environmental protection laws, regulations, treaties, conventions
and standards designed to reduce the risk of oil spills and water pollution and to regulate air emissions,
including emission of greenhouse gases. These requirements impose significant capital and operating costs on OSG. 

Due to concern over the risk of climate
change, a number of countries, including the United States, and international organizations, including the IMO and the European
Union, have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Such actions
could result in significant financial and operational impacts on the Company s business, including requiring OSG to install
new emission controls, or to acquire allowances or pay taxes related to its greenhouse gas emissions. See Item 1, Business
- Environmental, Safety and Security Matters. . 

In order to comply with laws and regulations,
the Company incurs substantial capital and/or operating expenditures and develops contingency arrangements for potential spills.
The Company is in the process of installing ballast water treatment systems on its vessels at substantial capital cost. Although
the Company has performed due diligence in choosing the particular systems, there is no assurance that the technologies chosen
will perform as expected or be installed without delays. 

Environmental
laws and regulations can affect the resale value or significantly
reduce the useful lives of the Company s vessels, require a reduction in carrying capacity, ship modifications or operational
changes or restrictions (and related increased operating costs) or retirement of service, lead to decreased availability or higher
cost of insurance coverage for environmental matters or result in the denial of access to, or detention in, certain jurisdictional
waters or ports. Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as international treaties and conventions, OSG could incur material
liabilities, including cleanup obligations, natural resource damages, fines and penalties in the event that there is a
release of oil, petroleum or other hazardous substances from its vessels or otherwise in connection with its operations.
OSG could be subject to personal injury or property damage claims relating to the release of or exposure to hazardous materials
associated with its current or historic operations. Violations of or liabilities under environmental requirements also can result
in substantial penalties, fines and other sanctions, including in certain instances, seizure or detention of the Company s
vessels. 

22 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

It
 can be expected that these regulations will continue
to become stricter in the future and will require the Company to incur significant capital expenditures to keep its
vessels in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether. Such expenditures could result in financial and
operational impacts that may be material to OSG s financial statements. The failure to comply with local, domestic
and foreign regulations may subject the Company to increased liability, may invalidate existing insurance or decrease available
insurance coverage for the affected vessels and may result in a denial of access to, or detention in, certain ports. 

The
employment of the Company s vessels could be adversely affected by an inability to clear the oil majors risk assessment
process. 

The
 major oil companies have developed a strict due diligence process
for selecting their shipping partners out of concerns for the environmental impact of spills. This vetting process has evolved
into a sophisticated and comprehensive risk assessment of both the vessel manager and the vessel. The Company s charterers
require that the Company s vessels and the technical managers pass vetting inspections and management audits. The Company s
failure to maintain any of its vessels to these standards could put the Company in breach of the applicable charter agreement
and lead to termination of such agreement thereby adversely affecting the revenues of the Company. 

Transfers
or issuances of the Company s equity may impair or reduce the Company s ability to utilize its net operating loss
carryforwards and certain other tax attributes in the future. 

Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, contains rules that limit the ability of a company that undergoes
an ownership change to utilize its net operating loss and tax credit carry forwards and certain built-in losses
recognized in years after the ownership change. An ownership change is generally defined as any change in ownership
of more than 50 of a corporation s stock over a rolling three-year period by stockholders that own (directly or indirectly)
5 or more of the stock of a corporation or arising from a new issuance of stock by a corporation. If an ownership change occurs,
Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the use of pre-ownership change NOLs, credits and certain other tax attributes to
offset taxable income earned after the ownership change. The annual limitation is equal to the product of the applicable long-term
tax-exempt rate and the value of the company s stock immediately before the ownership change. This annual limitation may
be adjusted to reflect any unused annual limitation for prior years and certain recognized built-in gains and losses for the year.
In addition, Section 383 generally limits the amount of tax liability in any post-ownership change year that can be reduced by
pre-ownership change tax credit carryforwards. If the Company were to undergo an ownership change, it could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Some
provisions of Delaware law and the Company s governing documents could influence its ability to effect a change of control. 

Certain
provisions of Delaware law and contained in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended
and Restated By-Laws could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of the Company. These provisions
could make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of the Company s board of directors. For example,
the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws (i) give the sole ability
to then-current members of its board of directors to fill a vacancy on the board of directors; (ii) require the affirmative vote
of two-thirds or more of the combined voting power of the outstanding shares of its capital stock in order to amend or repeal
certain provisions of its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws; and (iii) establish
advance notice requirements for nomination for elections to its board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted
upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains restrictions
on foreign ownership of the Company s common stock. These restrictions could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control
of the Company. 

Separately,
the Company has elected to opt out of Section 203 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ),
which restricts certain business combinations between a Delaware corporation and an interested stockholder. Accordingly,
the Company will be able to enter into such transactions with its principal stockholders without complying with the requirements
of Section 203. The election to opt out of Section 203 could deprive certain stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium
for their common stock as part of a sale of the Company, particularly if it enters into a transaction with an interested
stockholder. 

23 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
lease two properties which house offices used in the administration of our operations: a property of approximately 18,300 square
feet in Tampa, Florida, and a property of approximately 4,000 square feet in Beaverton, Oregon . We also lease land of
3.2 acres in Tampa, Florida on which two Company-owned buildings aggregating 15,000 square feet sit and a property of approximately
18,600 square feet in Portland, Oregon used to store spares and parts for our vessels. 

We
do not own or lease any production facilities, plants, mines or similar real properties. 

Vessels: 

At
December 31, 2020, the Company owned or operated an aggregate of 25 vessels. See tables presented under Item 1, Business Fleet
Operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are party to lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of business. In management s opinion, there are no known
pending claims or litigation, the outcome of which would, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on our consolidated
results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

24 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information, Holders and Dividends 

The
Company s Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol OSG. 

On March 24, 2021, there were 129 stockholders
of record of the Company s Class A common stock. 

The
declaration and timing of future cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon,
among other things, our future operations and earnings, capital requirements, general financial condition, contractual restrictions,
restrictions imposed by applicable law and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition,
the Company s ability to pay cash dividends in the future may be limited by certain of the Company s loan agreements. 

Section
170(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL only permits dividends to be declared out of two legally available
sources: (1) surplus, or (2) if there is no surplus, net profits for the year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding
year (so-called nimble dividends ). However, dividends may not be declared out of net profits if the capital
of the corporation, computed in accordance with sections 154 and 244 of the DGCL, shall have been diminished by depreciation in
the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented
by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets. 

25 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

See
Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters, for further
information on the number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock that may be issued under the 2019 Incentive Compensation
Plan for Management and the Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan. 

Equity Securities 

See
Note 13, Capital Stock and Stock Compensation, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set forth
in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, for a description of Class A warrants exercised in exchange
for Class A common stock, which is incorporated by reference in this Part I, Item 5. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units in February and March, the Company
withheld the following number of shares of Class A common stock from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes: 

Period 
 Total Number Shares of Class
 A Purchased 
 Average Price Paid per Share
 of Class A 
 
 February 1, 2020 through February 29, 2020 
 42,140 
 1.77 
 
 March 1, 2020 through March 31, 2020 
 62,412 
 1.98 

104,552 
 1.90 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
applicable due to our status as a smaller reporting company. 

26 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of (i) industry operations that have an impact on the Company s financial position
and results of operations, (ii) the Company s financial condition at December 31, 2020 and 2019 and its results of operations
for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and (iii) critical accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company s
consolidated financial statements. All dollar amounts are presented in thousands, except daily dollar amounts and per share amounts. 

GENERAL 

We
are a leading provider of energy transportation services, delivering crude oil and petroleum products. Our 25 vessel fleet
operates as a single reportable segment. We believe that this is appropriate as our chief operating decision maker makes
decisions about resource allocations and reviews and measures our results as one line of business with similar
regulatory requirements, customers and commodities transported. Our active vessel fleet, of which 22 are U.S. Flag vessels, consists
of three crude oil tankers doing business in Alaska, two conventional ATBs, two lightering ATBs, three shuttle tankers, ten MR
tankers, and two non-Jones Act MR tankers that participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program. The Company also owns and operates
two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers which trade internationally. Revenues are derived predominantly from time charter agreements,
which provide a more predictable level of revenues. We derived approximately 18 of our total shipping revenues and 16 of our
total TCE revenues in the spot market and COAs for 2020. 

The
ongoing Coronavirus pandemic has severely impacted global and national economies. Lockdown orders, business closures and travel
restrictions among many other events have reduced the demand for many products, including petroleum. This has led to a significant
reduction in refinery operations and end user demand for transportation fuels. The reduced demand has created extreme business
uncertainty for our customers and the result has been a reluctance to enter into longer term transportation commitments. We believe
that as their visibility and confidence in the future returns there will be a resumption of more typical customer behavior and
time charter activity will rebound. 

This
has resulted in the non-renewal of charters for vessels whose time charters were ending late in 2020 and early in 2021. In response
to this we have placed seven vessels in layup as of March 1, 2021. This allows us to reduce the costs associated with vessels
that are without charter. We anticipate that this situation will resolve itself as vaccines are widely distributed and there is
a lifting of the COVID-19 restrictions. 

OPERATIONS
AND OIL TANKER MARKETS 

Our
revenues are highly sensitive to patterns of supply and demand for vessels of the size and design configurations owned and operated
by us and the trades in which those vessels operate. Rates for the transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products
are determined by market forces such as the supply and demand for oil, the distance that cargoes must be transported, and the
number of vessels expected to be available at the time cargoes need to be transported. In the Jones Act trades within which the
substantial majority of our vessels operate, demand factors for transportation are affected almost exclusively by supply and distribution
decisions of oil producers, refiners and distributors based in the United States. Further, the demand for U.S. domestic oil shipments
is significantly affected by the state of the U.S. and global economies, the level of imports into the U.S. from OPEC and other
foreign producers, oil production in the United States, and the relative price differentials of U.S. produced crude oil and refined
petroleum products as compared with comparable products sourced from or destined for foreign markets, including the cost of transportation
on international flag vessels to or from those markets. The number of vessels is affected by newbuild deliveries and by
the removal of existing vessels from service, principally through storage, deletions, or conversions. Our revenues are also affected
by the mix of charters between spot (voyage charter which includes short-term time charter) and long-term (time or bareboat charter). 

Beginning
in the 2020 first quarter, COVID-19 has resulted in disruptions in demand and oversupply of oil. Many analysts predict that gasoline
and diesel demand will recover in 2021. Jet fuel demand is anticipated to remain well below 2019 levels through at least
the end of 2021. These predictions reflect estimates on the prevalence of COVID-19 and the recovery of the U.S. economy.
While COVID-19 has presented our industry and markets with significant challenges, we believe that we have thus far managed its
impact on our business operations well, with all of our Jones Act and internationally trading vessels able to load, transit
and discharge cargo without material interruption. 

27 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

As
a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have implemented procedures to protect the health and safety of our employees, crew and
contractors. These procedures and protocols are those mandated or recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
the U.S. Coast Guard, local ports and shipyards, and country- and state-specific requirements. They include such actions
as providing personal protective equipment, minimizing crew changes, managing the locations where crew members board and depart
from our vessels, requiring crew members to disclose symptoms and the health of those they have been in contact with, sanitization
of the vessels, mandating face coverings, social distancing and temperature checks, and requiring testing in certain instances.
COVID-19 has also impacted planned shipyard maintenance and vetting activities, resulting in delays, rescheduling and extensions.
These additional procedures and delays have resulted in increased costs, which at this point in time, have not been material but
are expected to continue and may increase. 

Having
our vessels committed on time charters is a fundamental objective of our chartering strategy. The majority of available vessel
operating days are covered with medium-term charters or contracts of affreightment. However, medium-term charters may not always
be remunerative, nor prove achievable under certain market conditions. As a result, some of our vessels operate in the spot market,
which is more volatile and less predictable. Because shipping revenues and voyage expenses are significantly affected by the mix
between voyage charters and time charters, we manage our vessels based on TCE revenues and rates, which are non-GAAP measures. 

TCE
rates for Jones Act Product Carriers and large ATBs (defined as vessels having carrying capacities greater than 140,000 barrels)
available for service in the spot market decreased during the year ended December 31, 2020 from 2019 for all of our vessel classes.
The decrease in rates can be attributed to lower demand for coastwise crude oil and refined product as a result of the impact
of COVID-19. Spot market activity was low in 2020 due to all Jones Act vessels being employed on time charters for the first half
of the year, as some time charters ended in the second half of the year, and low demand due to COVID-19. 

Our
time charter coverage was substantial for the year and provided some insulation from the market turmoil that has followed not
only the outbreak of COVID-19, but also the decline in transportation fuel demand affecting both crude oil and refined product
pricing. Our vessels were employed for 94 of available days during 2020, with 398 of a total 6,524 available
days (available days excludes 340 days vessels were offhire due to drydock requirements) seeing vessels idle without
employment. 

Industry-wide,
there were no firm Jones Act vessel orders as of December 31,
2020. There were two deliveries in 2020, one in the second quarter and one in the fourth quarter, consisting of two large ATBs,
which were our orders. 

Delaware
Bay lightering volumes averaged 58,000 b/d in 2020 compared with 125,000 b/d in 2019. Refinery demand for crude oil was significantly
reduced in 2020 due to COVID-19, reducing the need for lightering services. We have contract minimums with our refinery customers
that compensate us for barrels not lightered below those minimum amounts. In June 2019, one of our lightering customers, Philadelphia
Energy Solutions PES ), suffered an explosion and fire at its refinery in the Delaware Bay. The refinery has been
shut down since the fire. In July 2019, PES filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In May 2020,
the PES bankruptcy process resulted in the sale of the refinery complex, which will be permanently closed. Due to the reduction
in lightering volumes, we operate one, rather than two, lightering ATBs in the Delaware Bay. The second lightering barge is utilized
in the Gulf of Mexico. 

On
March 12, 2020, our subsidiaries completed the purchase of the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend and Alaskan Navigator
 from BP Oil Shipping Company USA and AP AMI Leasing Inc. BP and have entered into a bareboat charter with
BP for a fourth vessel, the Alaskan Frontier . The Alaskan Frontier is currently in layup. In connection with these
transactions, we also completed the acquisition of the other members interests in ATC, making ATC a wholly owned subsidiary
of OSG. Operating results of these vessels are included from that date. 

28 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

RESULTS
FROM VESSEL OPERATIONS 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, shipping revenues increased by 63,145, or 17.8 compared to 2019. The increase primarily resulted
from the addition to our fleet of two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers, Overseas Gulf Coast and Overseas Sun Coast ,
which entered service during the fourth quarter of 2019, three crude oil tankers, Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend 
and Alaskan Navigator, which were purchased in March 2020 , and two ATBs, OSG 204 and OSG Endurance and
 OSG 205 and OSG Courageous, which were delivered at the end of May 2020 and beginning of December 2020, respectively.
The increase was offset by (a) two fewer ATBs in our fleet, (b) a 322-day increase in scheduled drydocking, (c) a decrease in
Delaware Bay lightering volumes, discussed above, and (d) a 160-day increase in lay-up days primarily due to one vessel
that was redelivered from time charter during the third quarter of 2020 and placed in lay-up, a decision taken in light of the
lack of demand due to COVID-19 economic impact. 

Reconciliations
of TCE revenues, a non-GAAP measure, to shipping revenues as reported in the consolidated statements of operations follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Time charter equivalent revenues 
 375,879 
 335,133 
 
 Add: Voyage expenses 
 42,813 
 20,414 
 
 Shipping revenues 
 418,692 
 355,547 

Consistent
with general practice in the shipping industry, we use TCE revenues, which represents shipping revenues less voyage expenses,
as a measure to compare revenue generated from a voyage charter to revenue generated from a time charter. TCE revenues, a non-GAAP
measure, provides additional meaningful information in conjunction with shipping revenues, the most directly comparable GAAP measure,
because it assists management in decisions regarding the deployment and use of our vessels and in evaluating their financial performance. 

The
following table provides a breakdown of TCE rates achieved for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 between spot and fixed
earnings and the related revenue days. 

2020 
 2019 

Spot Earnings 
 Fixed Earnings 
 Spot Earnings 
 Fixed Earnings 
 
 Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

Average rate 
 24,568 
 61,411 
 25,036 
 57,910 
 
 Revenue days 
 359 
 3,889 
 523 
 4,052 
 
 Non-Jones Act Handysize Product Carriers: 

Average rate 
 30,582 
 15,213 
 30,671 
 13,912 
 
 Revenue days 
 699 
 710 
 482 
 417 
 
 ATBs: 

Average rate 
 16,987 
 28,536 
 19,117 
 21,861 
 
 Revenue days 
 277 
 291 
 255 
 773 
 
 Lightering: 

Average rate 
 56,003 
 61,012 
 63,162 

Revenue days 
 476 
 87 
 713 

Alaska (a) : 

Average rate 
 
 58,742 

Revenue days 
 
 851 

(a)
Excludes one Alaska vessel currently in layup. 

During
2020, TCE revenues increased by 40,746, or 12.2 , to 375,879 from 335,133 in 2019. The increase primarily resulted from the
addition to our fleet of two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers, Overseas Gulf Coast and Overseas Sun Coast , which
entered service during the fourth quarter of 2019, three crude oil tankers, Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend and
 Alaskan Navigator, which were purchased in March 2020 , and two ATBs, OSG 204 and OSG Endurance and
 OSG 205 and OSG Courageous, which were delivered at the end of May 2020 and beginning of December 2020, respectively.
The increase was offset by (a) two fewer ATBs in our fleet, (b) a 322-day increase in scheduled drydocking, (c) a decrease in
Delaware Bay lightering volumes and (d) a 160-day increase in lay-up days primarily due to one vessel that was redelivered from
time charter during the third quarter of 2020 and placed in lay-up, a decision taken in light of the lack of demand due to
COVID-19 economic impact. 

29 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Vessel
expenses increased by 24,848, or 18.5 , to 159,466 in 2020 from 134,618 in 2019 primarily due to an increase in crewing costs.
The increase in crewing costs was due to the addition to our fleet of two Marshall Islands flagged MR tankers, Overseas Gulf
Coast and Overseas Sun Coast, which entered service during the fourth quarter of 2019, and three crude oil tankers,
 Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend and Alaskan Navigator, which were purchased in March 2020, offset by two
fewer ATBs in our fleet. 

Depreciation
expense increased by 6,014, or 11.5 , to 58,513 in 2020 from 52,499 in 2019. The increase primarily resulted from an increase
in depreciation expense due to the Overseas Gulf Coast and Overseas Sun Coast , our two newbuild Marshall Islands
flagged MR tankers, which entered service at the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2019, the addition of three crude oil tankers,
 Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend and Alaskan Navigator, to our fleet in March 2020 and the addition of our
newbuild barge, OSG 204 , which entered service during the second quarter of 2020. 

Two
reflagged U.S. Flag Product Carriers participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program, which is designed to ensure that
privately-owned, military-useful U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national
emergency. Each of the vessel-owning companies receives an annual stipend, subject in each case to annual congressional
appropriations, which is intended to offset the increased cost incurred by such vessels from operating under the U.S. Flag. Such
stipend was 5,058 on one vessel and 4,607 on one vessel in 2020 and 5,000 for each vessel in 2019. 

Under
the terms of the program, we expect to receive up to 5,200 for each vessel beginning in 2021. We do not receive a stipend
for any days for which either of the two vessels operate under a time charter to a U.S. government agency. 

In June 2019, one of our lightering
customers, PES, suffered an explosion and fire at its refinery in the Delaware Bay. The PES refinery complex, which consists of
two refineries, has been shut down since the fire. Due to the expected reduction in lightering volumes, we redeployed one of our
two lightering ATBs to the U.S. Gulf of Mexico for alternative employment. In July 2019, PES filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition.
At December 31, 2019, we had outstanding receivables from PES of approximately 4,300. The ultimate recovery of these receivables
is currently unknown. We established a loss provision of 4,300 for the year ended December 31, 2019. In May 2020, the PES bankruptcy
process resulted in the sale of the refinery complex, which will be permanently closed. 

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES 

During
2020, general and administrative expenses increased by 3,470, or 14.8 , to 26,869 from 23,399 in 2019. The increase was primarily
driven by an increase in compensation and benefit costs due to our acquisition of ATC and the resulting increase in headcount. 

GAIN ON TERMINATION OF PRE-EXISTING ARRANGEMENT 

Gain on termination of pre-existing
arrangement was 19,172 for 2020 compared to 0 in 2019. The increase was due to our acquisition of ATC on March 12, 2020. Our
pre-existing ATC arrangements with a minimum term through December 2023 were terminated at the time of acquisition and a non-cash
gain equal to the value of the remaining arrangement of 19,172 was recognized. 

INTEREST
EXPENSE 

Interest
expense, including administrative and other fees, was 24,045 for 2020 compared with 25,633 in 2019. The decrease in interest
expense was primarily associated with the decrease in the 30-Day LIBOR rate on our term loans, due 2023 and 2026, from the same
period in 2019. The decrease was offset by additional debt outstanding at December 31, 2020 compared to at December 31, 2019. 

INCOME
TAX EXPENSE 

The
effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 were 17.1 and 5.8 , respectively. The effective rate varied
from 2019 to 2020 due to the change in a state tax rate that created a large benefit in 2019. In addition, the
favorable tonnage tax exclusion was a smaller percentage of book income in 2020 than it was in 2019. 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 193,300 that are available
to reduce future taxes, if any. The existing federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2034. 

30 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

LIQUIDITY
AND SOURCES OF CAPITAL 

Our
business is capital intensive. Our ability to successfully implement our strategy is dependent on the continued availability of
capital on attractive terms. In addition, our ability to successfully operate our business to meet near-term and long-term debt
repayment obligations is dependent on maintaining sufficient liquidity. 

Liquidity 

Working
capital from continuing operations at December 31, 2020 was approximately (93,000) compared with approximately (104,000) at
December 31, 2019. Excluding the current portion of operating and finance lease liabilities, working capital was approximately
 1,700 at December 31, 2020 compared to (9,880) at December 31, 2019. The increase in working capital was primarily due to an
increase in cash and cash equivalents related to the proceeds we received from the OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term
loan and the OSG 204 term loan discussed below. The increase was offset by a decrease in working capital due to increases in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and current installments of long-term debt. The increase in accounts payable,
accrued expenses and other current liabilities was primarily related to increases in accrued drydock expenses due to (a) a 322-day
increase in scheduled drydocking from December 31, 2019 and (b) accrued expenses due to the addition of the Alaskan Explorer ,
 Alaskan Legend, and Alaskan Navigator, to our fleet and our acquisition of ATC. The increase in current installments
of long-term debt was due to the additional debt outstanding at December 31, 2020 compared to at December 31, 2019. 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had total liquidity on a consolidated basis comprised principally of 69,697 of cash and
cash equivalents. We manage our cash in accordance with our intercompany cash management system, subject to the requirements
of our debt facilities. Our cash and cash equivalents, as well as our restricted cash balances, generally exceed Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation insurance limits. We place our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in what we believe to be creditworthy
financial institutions. In addition, certain of our money market accounts invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations
issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2020 was related to requirements
under the Unsecured Senior Notes. 

As
of December 31, 2020, we had total debt outstanding (net of original issue discount and deferred finance costs) of 429,120 and
a total debt to total capitalization of 53.0 , compared to 368,047 and 51.9 , respectively, at December 31, 2019. Net debt at
December 31, 2020 was 359,423 compared to 326,544 at December 31, 2019. 

Sources,
Uses and Management of Capital 

We
generate significant cash flows from our complementary mix of time charters, voyage charters and contracts of affreightment. Net
cash provided by operating activities in the year ended December 31, 2020 was 52,668. In addition to operating cash flows,
our other current potential sources of funds are proceeds from additional issuances of equity securities, additional borrowings
and proceeds from the opportunistic sales of our vessels. In the past, we have also obtained funds from the issuance of long-term
debt securities. 

We
use capital to fund working capital requirements, maintain the quality of our vessels, comply with U.S. and international shipping
standards and environmental laws and regulations and repay or repurchase our outstanding loan facilities. We may also use cash
generated by operations to finance capital expenditures to modernize and grow our fleet. 

We
are presently assessing the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR, expected by year-end 2021. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted
in a significant reduction in demand for oil and refined petroleum products worldwide which has had a direct impact on our business.
In an effort to conserve costs, several of the vessels in our fleet have been placed in layup in late 2020 and 2021. In recognition
that certain of the financial covenants that were in place in each of our vessel financing facilities did not appropriately reflect
the current situation, in March 2021, the Company obtained waivers and amendments of certain financial covenants in each of its
vessel financing facilities, with respect to fourth quarter 2020 and later periods compliance requirements. 

31 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

In
November 2020, two of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC, entered into a construction loan
in the original principal amount of 49,150 of which 46,711 was drawn down to finance a new 204,000-barrel U.S. Flag oil
and chemical ATB barge, OSG 205, and to refinance the tug to which the barge is being paired, the OSG Courageous. The Company
made a prepayment of 15,811, which included accrued interest on its term loan, due 2023. On December 3, 2020, upon completion
and delivery of the OSG 205 , the remainder of the construction loan was drawn down and the construction loan was converted
to a term loan. The loan is guaranteed by the Company, bears a fixed rate of interest of 6.37 and has a seven-year term maturing
on December 1, 2027. 

In
June 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 204 LLC, entered into a loan with Wintrust Commercial Finance and other
syndicate lenders in the aggregate original principal amount of 32,933 to finance a new 204,000-barrel U.S. Flag oil and
chemical ATB barge. The loan is guaranteed by the Company, bears a fixed rate of interest of 5.00 and has a five-year term maturing
on June 1, 2025. 

On
March 12, 2020, the Company entered into a loan with Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC and other syndicate lenders in
the aggregate original principal amount of 54,000 to finance the purchase of three U.S.-flagged crude oil carrier vessels,
the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend , and Alaskan Navigator . The loan bears a fixed rate of interest
of 4.43 and has a five-year term maturing on March 12, 2025. 

In
August 2019, two of the Company s subsidiaries entered into loans in an aggregate principal amount of 50,000 to finance
the Overseas Gulf Coast and the Overseas Sun Coast . The loans bear a fixed rate of interest of 5.54 and have a
5-year term maturing on September 30, 2024 with a 17-year amortization schedule. On July 30, 2020, the Company repaid, using
cash on hand, its 24,000 term loan secured by the Overseas Gulf Coast . 

In
December 2018, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a term loan with PGIM, Inc. as Administrative Agent for
a syndication of lenders, which is secured by a guarantee from the Company. This loan is in the aggregate original principal amount
of 325,000 and has a five-year term maturing in December 2023. 

In
November 2018, two of the Company s subsidiaries, Mykonos Tanker LL and Santorini Tanker LLC, entered into a loan with Wintrust
Commercial Finance which is guaranteed by the Company. This loan is in the aggregate original principal amount of 27,500 and
has a seven-year term maturing on November 1, 2026. 

Outlook

The
Company s revenues are sensitive to often highly cyclical patterns of supply and demand. In the core Jones Act trades
within which the majority of our vessels operate, demand factors for transportation have historically been affected almost
exclusively by supply and distribution of refined petroleum products in the United States. The emergence of demand for domestic
crude oil transportation has in recent years added a new dimension to understanding traditional Jones Act trades. Balancing time
charter coverage with spot market exposure in an uncertain demand environment is a persistent challenge, and considerations
about the appropriate amount of capacity to remain active in the spot market are a regular management discussion point. Over the
longer term, we consider the normalized market in which our vessels trade to be one that should be characterized
by stable, longer term chartering relationships with our customer base. Notwithstanding this belief, during periods of surplus
of available capacity, as was evident in recent years, low charter rates make medium term charters unattractive or simply unavailable.
In such market environments, we have considered the cost of acquiring cash flow visibility by committing vessels to charter contracts
at sustained loss-making rates as being too high when measured against what we believed to be an asymmetrical upside potential
of being positioned to benefit from a recovery in rates. As time charters expire, it is possible that such time charters will
not renew and, even if they do, they may not renew on comparable terms. Increased exposure to spot markets has been,
and in the future will likely continue to be a consequence of such thinking. Conversely, as supply and demand move more consistently
into balance, and time charters become more available at remunerative rates, an increase in both the number and duration of period
charters entered into with our customers can be expected. 

Earnings
volatility which accompanies spot market exposure has important implications for liquidity management. The retention of relatively
high cash balances and efforts to reduce overall levels of debt and operating and administrative costs should be understood as
a necessary response to heightened uncertainty. In recent years, we have witnessed a strong trend towards rebalance of
supply, as tightening age restrictions imposed by our core customer base has progressively limited the acceptability for use in
service of vessels exceeding 20 years of age. A notable decline in the number of available trading vessels has occurred. Further,
we have seen demand for domestic crude oil transportation act as an important swing factor in affecting a healthy
balance between available vessel supply and overall domestic transportation demand. This recent positive trend has been
interrupted by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic which has caused a dramatic drop in domestic and international transportation
fuels demand. Changing mobility patterns arising out of stay-at-home and restricted travel policies have impacted the refining
and distribution industry acutely. The short-term need for marine assets to move fuels in a constrained demand environment
has been equally affected. These developments have resulted in increased volatility and decreased forward visibility of our future
earnings, given the uncertainty surrounding the timing and the extent of a future recovery of normalized demand. Notwithstanding
these immediately evident uncertainties, the market transition that has seen a rebalancing of supply in the period
prior to the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic offers cause for optimism that a return to a market offering an increase
in both the number and the duration of time charter contracts for our vessels is foreseeable. The future impact
of increased fiscal stimulus, continued monetary policy support, and an expected vaccine-enabled release of substantial pent-up
demand provide a hopeful combination for a restoration of fuels demand. A return to normalized levels of demand, should that occur,
would largely restore the market conditions which we consider to be supportive of our long-term business objectives.

32 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

INSW
entered into guarantee arrangements in connection with the spin-off from OSG on November 30, 2016. On October 7, 2019, INSW sold
its ownership interest in their joint venture with Qatar Gas Transport Company Ltd, releasing OSG from all obligations under the
guarantee arrangements. 

Carrying
Value of Vessels 

We
believe that the availability, quality and reliability of fair market valuations of U.S Flag vessels are limited given the fact
that the U.S. Flag market is relatively small and illiquid with very limited second hand sales and purchases activity from which
to benchmark vessel values. As discussed in Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, to our consolidated
financial statements set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, we monitor for any indicators
of impairment in regards to the carrying value of our vessels. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The
Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States, which require the Company to make estimates in the application of its accounting policies based on the best
assumptions, judgments, and opinions of management. Following is a discussion of the accounting policies that involve a higher
degree of judgment and the methods of their application. For a description of all of the Company s material accounting policies,
see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Company s consolidated financial statements
set forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
majority of revenue is generated from time charters and is accounted for as operating leases and are thus recognized ratably over
the rental periods of such charters, as service is performed. The Company does not recognize time charter revenues during periods
that vessels are off hire. 

The
Company generates a portion of its revenue from voyage charters. Within the shipping industry, there are two methods used to account
for voyage charter revenue: (1) ratably over the estimated length of each voyage and (2) completed voyage. The recognition of
voyage revenues ratably over the estimated length of each voyage is the most prevalent method of accounting for voyage revenues
in the shipping industry and the method used by OSG. Under each method, voyages may be calculated on either a load-to-discharge
or discharge-to-discharge basis. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from voyage charters ratably over the estimated length of each voyage, calculated on a load-to-discharge
basis. Under voyage charters, expenses such as fuel, port charges, canal tolls, cargo handling operations and brokerage commissions
are paid by the Company whereas, under time and bareboat charters, such voyage costs are generally paid by the Company s
customers. 

The Company enters into contracts of affreightment
(each a COA to provide transportation services between specified points for a stated quantity of cargo over a specific
time period, but without designating voyage schedules. The Company s COAs include minimum purchase requirements from customers
that are expressed in either fixed monthly barrels, annual minimum barrel volume requirements or annual minimum number of voyages
to complete. The Company is required to transport and the charterer is required to provide the Company with a minimum volume requirement.
These contract minimums represent fixed consideration within the contract which is recognized as the distinct services of delivering
barrels or voyages are performed in the series over time. The Company adjusts estimated revenue recognized for any minimum volume
unexercised right. 

Vessel
Lives and Salvage Values 

The
carrying value of each of the Company s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less
depreciation calculated using an estimated useful life of 25 years (except for new ATBs for which estimated useful lives of 30
years are used) from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or 20 years from the date the Company s
ATBs were rebuilt. A vessel s carrying value is reduced to its new cost basis (i.e. its current fair value) if a vessel
impairment charge is recorded. 

33 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

If
the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, an extended
period of weak markets, the broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company s customers, or other future events, it
could result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives
of any affected vessels. See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for further details. 

The
United States has not adopted the Hong Kong International Convention for the Safe and Environmentally Sound Recycling of Ships
(the Convention ). While the Convention is not in effect in the United States, the EPA and the MarAd have, from time to time, required the owners of U.S. Flag vessels
to make certifications regarding the presence of certain toxic substances onboard vessels that they are seeking to sell to parties
who (a) are not citizens of the United States and (b) intend to recycle the vessels after they have been purchased (the Recycling
Purchasers ). In the event that more stringent requirements are imposed upon the owners of U.S. Flag vessels seeking to
sell their vessels to the Recycling Purchasers, such requirements could (a) negatively impact the sales prices obtainable from
the Recycling Purchasers or (b) require companies, including OSG, to incur additional costs in order to sell their U.S. Flag vessels
to the Recycling Purchasers or to other foreign buyers intending to use such vessels for further trading. 

 Intangible
Assets 

The
Company allocates the cost of acquired companies to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets and liabilities acquired,
with the remaining amount being classified as goodwill. The Company s intangible assets represent long-term customer relationships
acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. See Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, 
for further discussion. 

Drydocking 

Within
the shipping industry, there are two methods that are used to account for dry dockings: (1) capitalize drydocking costs as incurred
(deferral method) and amortize such costs over the period to the next scheduled drydocking, and (2) expense drydocking costs as
incurred. Since drydocking cycles typically extend over two and a half years or five years, management uses the deferral method
because management believes it provides a better matching of revenues and expenses than the expense-as-incurred method. 

Newly
Issued Accounting Standards 

See
Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Company s consolidated financial statements set
forth in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

Acquisition
of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC and related transactions 

In
connection with the Company s acquisition of three vessels and remaining equity ownership interest in ATC, the Company accounted
for these transactions collectively as an asset acquisition, with substantially all the cost of the acquisition attributed to
the three vessels purchased from BP. The accounting for these transactions as an asset acquisition required the Company to estimate
the fair value of the acquired vessels and related long term charter arrangements for determining whether the acquired assets
were concentrated in a single asset. In doing so, the Company considered various assumptions including estimated salvage value
of vessels, insured values of vessels, loan-to-value ratios and gross margin assumptions compared to similar existing arrangements.
The Company also considered these estimates when allocating the purchase price to the acquired assets. See Note 6, Investment
in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC, for further discussion on the Company s acquisition of ATC. 

34 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Income
Taxes, Deferred Tax Assets and Valuation Allowance 

Our
income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s
best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes only in the U.S. Significant judgments and
estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. 

Deferred
income taxes arise from temporary differences between the financial reporting and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and
from events that have been recognized in the financial statements and will result in taxable or deductible amounts based on provisions
of the tax law in different periods. In evaluating our ability to recover our net deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction
from which they arise we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax
liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. A valuation allowance is
established to the extent it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized.
Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future. 

Pension
Benefits 

In
connection with the acquisition of Maritrans in November 2006, the Company assumed the obligations under the noncontributory defined
benefit pension plan that covered eligible employees of Maritrans the Maritrans Plan ). The Company froze the benefits
payable under the Maritrans Plan as of December 31, 2006. The Company has recorded pension benefit costs based on assumptions
and valuations developed with the support of its actuarial consultants. These valuations are based on estimates and key assumptions,
including those related to the discount rates, the rates expected to be earned on investments of plan assets and the life expectancy/mortality
of plan participants. OSG is required to consider market conditions in selecting a discount rate that is representative of the
rates of return currently available on high-quality fixed income investments. A higher discount rate would result in a lower benefit
obligation and a lower rate would result in a higher benefit obligation. The expected rate of return on plan assets is management s
best estimate of expected returns on plan assets. A decrease in the expected rate of return will increase net periodic benefit
costs and an increase in the expected rate of return will decrease benefit costs. The mortality assumption is management s
best estimate of the expected duration of future benefit payments at the measurement date. The estimate is based on the specific
demographics and other relevant facts and circumstances of the Maritrans Plan and considers all relevant information available
at the measurement date. Longer life expectancies would result in higher benefit obligations and a decrease in life expectancies
would result in lower benefit obligations. 

In
determining the benefit obligations at the end of the year measurement date, the Company continues to use the equivalent single
weighted-average discount rate, rounded to the nearest 5 basis points, that best matches projected benefit payments. See Note
16, Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans, for further discussion on the Company s pension plans. 

Vessel
Impairment 

The
carrying values of the Company s vessels may not represent their fair market value or the amount that could be obtained
by selling the vessel at any point in time since the market prices of second-hand vessels tend to fluctuate with changes in charter
rates and the cost of newbuilds. Historically, both charter rates and vessel values tend to be cyclical. Management evaluates
the carrying amounts of vessels held and used by the Company for impairment only when it determines that it will sell a vessel
or when events or changes in circumstances occur that cause management to believe that future cash flows for any individual vessel
will be less than its carrying value. In such instances, an impairment charge would be recognized if the estimate of the undiscounted
future cash flows expected to result from the use of the vessel and its eventual disposition is less than the vessel s carrying
amount. This assessment is made at the individual vessel level as separately identifiable cash flow information for each vessel
is available. 

In
developing estimates of future cash flows, the Company must make assumptions about future performance, with significant assumptions
being related to charter rates, ship operating expenses, utilization, drydocking requirements, residual value and the estimated
remaining useful lives of the vessels. These assumptions are based on historical trends as well as future expectations. Specifically,
in estimating future charter rates, management takes into consideration rates currently in effect for existing time charters and
estimated daily time charter equivalent rates for each vessel class for the unfixed days over the estimated remaining lives of
each of the vessels. The estimated daily time charter equivalent rates used for unfixed days beyond the expiry of any current
time charters are based on internally forecasted rates that take into consideration average annual rates published by a third
party maritime research service and are consistent with forecasts provided to the Company s senior management and Board
of Directors. The internally forecasted rates are based on management s evaluation of current economic data and trends in
the shipping and oil and gas industries. Recognizing that the transportation of crude oil and petroleum products is cyclical and
subject to significant volatility based on factors beyond the Company s control, management believes the use of estimates
based on the internally forecasted rates to be reasonable. 

Estimated
outflows for operating expenses and drydocking requirements are based on historical and budgeted costs and are adjusted for assumed
inflation. Finally, utilization is based on historical levels achieved and estimates of a residual value are consistent with the
pattern of recycling rates used in management s evaluation of salvage value. 

In
estimating the fair value of vessels for the purposes of the impairment tests, the Company utilizes estimates of discounted future
cash flows for each of the vessels (income approach) since the secondhand sale and purchase market for the type of U.S. Flag vessels
owned by OSG is not considered to be robust. See Note 9, Fair Value Measurements and Fair Value Disclosures, for
further discussion. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable due to our status as a smaller reporting company. 

35 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 37 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 38 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 39 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 40 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 41 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 42 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 77 

36 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Voyage receivables, including unbilled of 
 and , net of reserve for doubtful
 accounts 

Income tax recoverable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Deferred drydock expenditures, net 

Total Vessels, Deferred Drydock and Other Property 

Restricted cash 

Investments in and advances to affiliated companies 

Intangible assets, less accumulated amortization 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Current installments of long-term debt 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

Reserve for uncertain tax positions 

Long-term debt, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 
 - 
 - 

Equity: 

Common stock - Class A 
 par value; shares authorized;
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding) 

Paid-in additional capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholder s Equity Subtotal 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

37 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 

2020 
 2019 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Shipping Revenues: 

Time charter revenues 

Voyage charter revenues 

Total Shipping revenues 

Operating Expenses: 

Voyage expenses 

Vessel expenses 

Charter hire expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

General and administrative 

Bad debt expense 

Loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments,
 net 

Total operating expenses 

Income from vessel operations 

Equity in income of affiliated companies 

Gain on termination of pre-existing arrangement 

Operating income 

Other income, net 

Income before interest expense and income taxes 

Interest expense, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding: 

Basic - Class A 

Diluted - Class A 

Per Share Amounts: 

Basic and diluted net income - Class A 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

38 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

2020 
 2019 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Net income 

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of taxes: 

Defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans: 

Net change in unrecognized prior service costs 

Net change in unrecognized actuarial gain 

Other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

39 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

2020 
 2019 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Items included in net income not affecting cash flows: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Gain on termination of pre-existing arrangement 

Amortization of debt discount and other deferred financing costs 

Compensation relating to restricted stock, stock unit and stock option grants 

Deferred income tax expense/(benefit) 

Interest on finance lease liabilities 

Non-cash operating lease expense 

Distributed/(undistributed) earnings of affiliated companies 

Items included in net income related to investing and financing activities: 

Loss on extinguishment and prepayments of debt, net 

Loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments,
 net 

Payments for drydocking 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

(Increase)/decrease in receivables 

Increase/(decrease) in income tax receivable 

(Decrease)/increase in deferred revenue 

Net change in other operating assets and liabilities 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisition, net of cash acquired 

Expenditures for vessels and vessel improvements 

Proceeds from disposal of vessels and other property 

Expenditures for other property 

Deposit for vessel purchases 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Extinguishment of debt and prepayments 

Issuance of debt, net of issuance and deferred financing costs 

Payments on debt 

Tax withholding on share-based awards 

Payments on principal portion of finance lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

40 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY/(DEFICIT) 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in
 Additional Capital 
 Retained
 Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2018 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 

Taxes withheld and forfeitures of restricted stock awards 

Compensation related to Class A options granted 

Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards 

Conversion of Class A warrants to Class A common stock 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Balance at January 01, 2020 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income, net of taxes 

Issuance and vesting of restricted stock awards 

Taxes withheld and forfeitures of restricted stock awards 

Compensation related to Class A options granted 

Compensation related to Class A restricted stock awards 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

See
notes to consolidated financial statements 

41 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DOLLARS
IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS 

or less owned affiliated companies, in which the Company exercises significant influence,
are accounted for by the equity method. Dollar amounts, except per share amounts, are in thousands. 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus COVID-19 as a pandemic,
which continues to affect the United States and the world. COVID-19 and its direct and indirect consequences have caused significant
volatility in U.S. and international markets, and there is significant uncertainty around the breadth and duration of business
disruptions related to COVID-19, as well as its impact on the U.S. and international economies. The COVID-19 pandemic is a dynamic
and continuously evolving phenomenon and the ultimate severity of the outbreak, and its effect on the Company s business
in the future, is uncertain. 

. 

Other
property, including leasehold improvements, are recorded at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the
terms of the leases or the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from to 
 years. 

Interest
costs are capitalized to vessels and other property during the period that vessels are under construction and projects are in
progress. During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, interest costs capitalized were 
 and ,
respectively. 

Expenditures
incurred during a drydocking are deferred and amortized on the straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the leases
or the period until the next scheduled drydocking, generally two and a half to five years. The Company only includes in deferred
drydocking costs those direct costs that are incurred as part of the drydocking to meet regulatory requirements, or are expenditures
that add economic life to the vessel, increase the vessel s earnings capacity or improve the vessel s efficiency.
Direct costs include shipyard costs as well as the costs of placing the vessel in the shipyard. Expenditures for normal maintenance
and repairs, whether incurred as part of the drydocking or not, are expensed as incurred. 

The
carrying value of each of the Company s vessels represents its original cost at the time it was delivered or purchased less
depreciation calculated using estimated useful lives from the date such vessel was originally delivered from the shipyard or from
the date (as in the case of certain of the Company s ATBs) a vessel was rebuilt. A vessel s carrying value is reduced
to its new cost basis (i.e., its current fair value) if a vessel impairment charge is recorded. 

If
the estimated economic lives assigned to the Company s vessels prove to be too long because of new regulations, a prolonged
weak market environment, a broad imposition of age restrictions by the Company s customers, or other future events, it could
result in higher depreciation expense and impairment losses in future periods related to a reduction in the useful lives of any
affected vessels. 

and 
 relating to the Company s term loans are netted against long-term debt in the consolidated balance
sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Interest expense relating to the amortization of deferred financing charges
amounted to 
 in 2020 and 
 in 2019. 

The Company receives a stipend
pursuant to the Maritime Security Act of 1996 for the two U.S. Flag Product Carriers which participate in the
U.S. MSP program. This stipend has been recorded as an offset to vessel expenses which amounted to 
 in 2020 and 
 in 2019. 

and
 ,
respectively. In June 2019, one of the Company s lightering customers, Philadelphia Energy Solutions LLC PES ),
suffered an explosion and fire at their refinery in the Delaware Bay. In July 2019, PES filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition.
The reserve for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2020 and 2019 includes a provision of 
 on outstanding receivables of 
 from PES as the ultimate recovery of these
receivables is currently unknown. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had three individual customers for both years who accounted for
10 or more of the Company s revenues. The customers and their related percentages were Monroe Energy LLC ),
BP Exploration Alaska Inc. and SeaRiver Maritime Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2020 and Monroe Energy LLC ),
SeaRiver Maritime, Inc. and Shell for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

The Company s cash and cash
equivalents balances generally exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limits. Cash and cash equivalents are placed
in what the Company believes to be creditworthy financial institutions. In addition, certain of the Company s money market accounts
invest in U.S. Treasury securities or other obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies. 

likely to be realized upon ultimate
settlement with the related tax authority. 

At
 the annual evaluation date on June 30, 2019, the Company met the SEC definition of a
 smaller reporting company. Accordingly, the Company plans to adopt the credit losses
 standard on January 1, 2023. Management is currently reviewing the impact of the adoption
 of this accounting standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, which
removes certain exceptions for investments, intraperiod allocations and interim calculations, and adds guidance to reduce complexity
in accounting for income taxes. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and for interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company will adopt this standard on January 1, 2021. Management is currently reviewing
the impact of the adoption of this accounting standard on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

per share to be nominal, warrant proceeds
are ignored and the shares issuable upon Class A warrant exercise are included in the calculation of Class A basic weighted average
common shares outstanding for all periods. 

The
computation of diluted earnings per share assumes the issuance of common stock for all potentially dilutive stock options and
restricted stock units. 

Class
A 

As
of December 31, 2020, there were 
 shares of Class A common stock issuable
under outstanding restricted stock units and 
 shares of Class A common stock issuable
under outstanding options, both of which are considered to be potentially dilutive securities. As of December 31, 2019, there
were 
 shares of Class A common stock issuable
under outstanding restricted stock units and 
 shares of Class A common stock issuable
under outstanding options, both of which are considered to be potentially dilutive securities. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Class A common stock - basic 

Class A common stock - diluted 

For
annual earnings per share calculations, there were 
 and 
 dilutive equity awards outstanding for
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Awards of 
 and 
 shares, which are related to stock options,
for 2020 and 2019, respectively, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share because inclusion of these
awards would be anti-dilutive. 

days. 

U.S.
Maritime Security Program 

of the Company s U.S. Flag Product Carriers
participate in the U.S. Maritime Security Program MSP ), which is designed to ensure that privately-owned, military-useful
U.S. Flag vessels are available to the U.S. Department of Defense in the event of war or national emergency. The Company considers
the MSP contract with the U.S. government a service arrangement under ASC 606. Under this arrangement, the Company receives a stipend pursuant to the Maritime Security Act of 1996 for each participating vessel, subject in each
case to annual congressional appropriations. The stipend is intended to reimburse owners for the additional costs of operating
U.S. Flag vessels; therefore, the Company has presented this stipend as an offset to vessel expenses. 

Contracts
of Affreightment 

The
Company enters into contracts of affreightment (each a COA to provide transportation services between specified
points for a stated quantity of cargo over a specific time period, but without designating voyage schedules. The Company has COA
arrangements to provide for lightering services and other arrangements based on the number of voyages. These contracts are service
contracts within the scope of ASC 606 for which the underlying performance obligation is satisfied as transportation services
are provided. 

The
Company s COAs include minimum purchase requirements from customers that are expressed in either fixed monthly barrels,
annual minimum barrel volume requirements or annual minimum number of voyages to complete. The Company is required to transport
and the charterer is required to provide the Company with a minimum volume requirement. These contract minimums represent fixed
consideration within the contract which is recognized as the distinct services of delivering barrels or voyages are performed
in the series over time. The Company will adjust revenue recognized for any minimum volume unexercised right. 

COAs
provide the charterer with the opportunity to purchase additional transportation services above the minimum. If this is not considered
a material right, the Company recognizes revenue related to the additional services at the contractual rate as the product is
transferred over time. If the additional transportation service is considered a material right, the Company applies the practical
alternative of allocating the transaction price to the material right. As a result, the Company may recognize revenue related
to COAs at an amount different from the invoiced amount if the Company s estimated volume to be transported under the contract
exceeds the contractual minimum. 

COAs also include variable consideration
primarily related to demurrage. The Company does not include this variable consideration in the transaction price for these contracts
as the consideration is constrained since the obligation to deliver this service is outside the control of the Company. The uncertainty
related to this variable consideration is resolved with the customer over the course of the contract term as individual voyages
discharge. 

At
December 31, 2020, the Company did not have deferred revenue related to the Company s COAs. 

Disaggregated
Revenue 

The
Company has disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers into categories that depict how the nature, amount, timing and
uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. Consequently, the disaggregation below is based on contract
type. Since the terms within these contract types are generally standard in nature, the Company does not believe that further
disaggregation would result in increased insight into the economic factors impacting revenue and cash flows. 

Voyage
 charter revenues (1) 

Contracts of affreightment revenues 

Total shipping revenues 

(1) 
 and
 
 of
 revenue related to short-term time charter contracts for the years ended December 31,
 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Voyage
Receivables 

As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, contract balances from contracts with customers consisted of voyage receivables, including unbilled
receivables, of 
 and ,
respectively, net of reserve for doubtful accounts for voyage charters and lightering contracts. For voyage charters, voyage freight
is due to the Company upon completion of discharge at the last discharge port. For lightering contracts, the Company invoices
the customers based on the actual barrels of cargo lightered. The Company routinely reviews its voyage receivables and makes provisions
for probable doubtful accounts; however, those provisions are estimates and actual results could differ from those estimates and
those differences may be material. Voyage receivables are removed from accounts receivable and the reserve for doubtful accounts
when they are deemed uncollectible. The Company deems voyage receivables uncollectible when the Company has exhausted collection
efforts. 

Costs
to Fulfill a Contract 

Under
ASC 606, for voyage charters and contracts of affreightment, the Company capitalizes the direct costs, which are voyage expenses,
of relocating the vessel to the load port to be amortized during transport of the cargo. At December 31, 2020, the costs related
to voyages that were not yet completed were not material. 

Additionally,
these contracts include out-of-pocket expense (i.e. fuel, port charges, canal tolls) incurred by the Company in fulfilling its
performance obligations, which are reimbursed by the charterer at cost. The reimbursement for these fulfillment costs are included
in the Company s estimated transaction price for the contract and recognized as revenue when performance obligations are
satisfied. 

Transaction
Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company expects to recognize revenue of approximately 
 in 2021 under COAs. This estimated amount
relates to the fixed consideration of contractual minimums within the contracts based on the Company s estimate of future
services. 

Practical
Expedients and Exemptions 

The
Company s voyage charter contracts and some of the Company s COAs have an original expected duration of one year or
less; therefore, the Company has elected to apply the practical expedient, which permits the Company to not disclose the portion
of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations within these COAs. 

The
Company expenses broker commissions for voyage charters, which are costs of obtaining a contract, as they are incurred because
the amortization period is less than one year or are otherwise amortized as the underlying performance obligation is satisfied.
The Company records these costs within voyage expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Accumulated depreciation 

Vessels, net 

Construction in progress 

Finance lease right-of-use asset, at cost (Note 15) 

Accumulated amortization (Note 15) 

Finance lease right-of use asset, net (Note 15) 

Other property, at cost 

Transfers from construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Other property, net 

Total vessels and other property 

The Company
took delivery of two -barrel
capacity oil and chemical tank barges in 2020, one in May and the other in December. The barges, named the OSG 205 and OSG 204 , have been paired
with existing tugs within the Company s fleet, the OSG Courageous and OSG Endurance . The ATB units are operating
in the Jones Act trade and have entered into one-year time charters. 

In
May 2020 and August 2020, the Company sold two of its ATBs for ,
net of broker commissions. As a result of the sales, the Company recognized losses, which were not material and are included in
loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

On
March 12, 2020, subsidiaries of OSG, as the Parent Company, completed the purchase of three U.S.-flagged crude oil carrier
vessels, the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend , and Alaskan Navigator , from BP for total consideration of
 
 and have entered into a bareboat charter
with BP for a fourth vessel, the Alaskan Frontier . The vessels purchased will continue to be operated by ATC under time
charters with Hilcorp North Slope, LLC (formerly BP Exploration (Alaska), Inc.), with firm charter periods lasting until 2022,
2025 and 2026. Each charter also provides for five one-year extension options. 

On
September 30, 2019, the Company took delivery of two 50,000 DWT class product and chemical tankers at Hyundai Mipo Dockyard Co.,
Ltd. The tankers, named the Overseas Gulf Coast and Overseas Sun Coast , are operating in the international market
under the Marshall Islands flag, with both vessels having entered into one-year time charters. 

In
September 2019, the Company sold one of its ATBs for ,
net of broker commissions. As a result of the sale, the Company recognized an immaterial gain, which is included in loss on
disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

In
May and June 2019, the Company sold two of its ATBs for and
 ,
respectively, net of broker commissions. As a result of the sales, the Company recognized an immaterial loss, which is
included in loss on disposal of vessels and other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of
operations. 

years,
consisted of six Handysize Product Carriers, three crude oil tankers, two lightering ATBs and two ATBs. Of
these vessels, 12 were pledged as collateral under term loan agreements and have an aggregate carrying value of . 

Transfers from construction in progress 

Depreciation 

Disposals 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Transfers from construction in progress 

Additions 

Depreciation 

Disposals 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

The
total of vessel additions can be different from expenditures for vessels as shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows
because of the timing of when payments were made. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had approximately 
 of non-cash investing activities for the
accrual of capital expenditures related to the Company s vessels. 

Additions 

Drydock amortization 

Balance at December 31 

interest in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC ), a joint venture that was formed in 1999 among OSG America Operating Co LLC, Keystone Shipping Company and
subsidiaries of British Petroleum BP ). Each member of ATC was entitled to receive its respective share of incentive
charter hire related to time charter contracts in ATC with a minimum term ending in . At December 31, 2019, the carrying
value of the Company s investment in ATC was , which includes the Company s respective share of distributions of . 

In
December 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with BP to purchase three U.S.-flagged crude oil carrier vessels Alaskan
Explorer , Alaskan Legend and Alaskan Navigator for total cash consideration of .
The Company made a deposit upon execution of the vessel purchase agreements. The purchase of the vessels was financed
by borrowing 
 under a as discussed in Note 8, Debt . 

.
The time charter arrangements are treated as operating leases under ASC 842. The Company also entered into a bareboat charter
with BP for a fourth vessel, the Alaskan Frontier , which is currently in layup. In connection with these transactions,
the Company also acquired the remaining equity ownership of ATC, making ATC a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. 

The
Company accounted for the purchase of the three vessels and remaining equity ownership interest in ATC collectively as an asset
acquisition, with substantially all the cost of the acquisition attributed to the three vessels purchased from BP. The
pre-existing ATC arrangements with a minimum term through December 2023 were terminated, and a non-cash gain equal to the value
of the remaining arrangement of 
 was recognized, with a corresponding increase
in the value of the vessels acquired from BP in a manner consistent with how ASC 805, Business Combinations, would be applied
to the settlement of a pre-existing arrangement. 

As
part of the acquisition of ATC, the Company assumed liabilities of related to a pension and postretirement plan and 
related to a deferred compensation plan. See Note 16, Pension, Other Postretirement Benefit Plans and Benefit Liabilities 
for further discussion on these plans. 

Total assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Deficiency 

Total liabilities and equity 

Ship operating expenses 

Income from vessel operations 

Net income 

Due to the acquisition of ATC on March
12, 2020, there is no schedule of income attributable to an equity method investment for the Company for the year ended December
31, 2020. 

Amortization 
 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 

Amortization 
 ) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 

As
discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company s intangible assets at December
31, 2020 and 2019 consist of long-term customer relationships acquired as part of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The gross
intangible assets were 
 at December 31, 2020 and 2019. The unamortized balance
of the Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2020 will be recognized over the remaining useful life, which is . Amortization of intangible assets
for the five years subsequent to December 31, 2020 is expected to approximate 
 per year. 

, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 
 and 

Term loans, , net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 
 and 

Alaska tankers term loan, , net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, , net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 

Term loan, , net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 
 and 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, , net of unamortized discount and deferred costs of 

Unsecured senior notes, net of unamortized discount and deferred costs 

Total debt 

Less current installments of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

The
weighted average interest rate for debt outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 
 and ,
respectively. 

Term
Loans 

Capitalized
terms used hereafter have the meaning given in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in the respective transaction documents referred
to below, including subsequent amendments thereto. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant reduction in demand for oil and refined petroleum products worldwide which has
had a direct impact on our business. In an effort to conserve costs, several of the vessels in our fleet have been placed in layup
in late 2020 and 2021. In recognition that certain of the financial covenants that were in place in each of our vessel financing
facilities did not appropriately reflect the current situation, in March 2021, the Company obtained waivers and amendments of
certain financial covenants in each of its vessel financing facilities, with respect to fourth quarter 2020 and later periods 
compliance requirements. In accordance with the loan amendments, the Company has agreed to sell one of its vessels. 
In March 2021, the Company received a firm offer and has negotiated acceptable terms to sell the Overseas Gulf Coast. We
expect the sale to be completed during the second quarter of 2021 subject to customary terms and conditions. 

In
November 2020, two of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC, entered into a construction loan
in the original principal amount of 
 of which 
 was drawn down to finance a new 204,000-barrel
U.S. Flag oil and chemical ATB barge, OSG 205 , and to refinance the tug to which the barge is being paired, the OSG
Courageous . The Company made a prepayment of ,
which included accrued interest on its term loan, . 
The aggregate net loss realized on this transaction, which was not material, reflects a write-off of unamortized original issue
discount and deferred financing costs associated with the principal reduction and is included in other income, net on the consolidated
statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. On December 3, 2020, upon completion and delivery of the OSG
205, the remainder of the construction loan was drawn down and the construction loan was converted to a term loan. The loan
is guaranteed by the Company, bears a fixed rate of interest of 
 and has a maturing on . The lenders hold a perfected
first priority security interest and preferred ship mortgage against the barge and tug. 

In
June 2020, one of the Company s subsidiaries, OSG 204 LLC, entered into a loan with Wintrust Commercial Finance and other
syndicate lenders in the aggregate original principal amount of 
 to finance a new 204,000-barrel U.S. Flag
oil and chemical ATB barge. The loan is guaranteed by the Company, bears a fixed rate of interest of 
 and has a maturing on . The lenders hold a perfected
first priority security interest and preferred ship mortgage against the vessel. 

In May 2020 and August 2020, in connection with the Company s
sale of two of its ATBs, the Company made mandatory prepayments of on its term loan .The aggregate losses realized
on these transactions, which related to the write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs, were not material. 

On
March 12, 2020, the Company entered into a loan with Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC and other syndicate lenders in
the aggregate original principal amount of 
 to finance the purchase of three U.S.-flagged
crude oil carrier vessels, the Alaskan Explorer , Alaskan Legend , and Alaskan Navigator . The loan is secured
by first preferred ship mortgages on the vessels, bears a fixed rate of interest of 
 and has a maturing on . 

During
September 2019, in connection with the Company s sale of one of its ATBs, the Company made a mandatory prepayment of 
 on its term loan . The aggregate loss realized on
this transaction, which related to the write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs, was not material. 

In
August 2019, two of the Company s subsidiaries entered into term loans in an aggregate principal amount of ,
due 2024, to finance the Overseas Gulf Coast and the Overseas Sun Coast . The loans are secured by first preferred
ship mortgages on the vessels and a guaranty from the Company. Funding occurred on delivery of the vessels on September 30, 2019,
with used
to fund the final payment for the vessels. The loans bear a fixed rate of interest of 
 and have a maturing on with a -year
amortization schedule. On July 30, 2020, the Company repaid, using cash on hand, its term loan secured by the Overseas
Gulf Coast . 

During
May 2019 and June 2019, in connection with the Company s sale of two of its ATBs, the Company made mandatory prepayments
of and
 ,
respectively, on its term loan . The aggregate losses realized
on these transactions, which related to the write-off of unamortized deferred finance costs, were not material. 

Term loan, due 2023
 In December 2018, the Company and several of its subsidiaries entered into a term loan with PGIM, Inc. as
Administrative Agent for a syndication of lenders, which is secured by a guarantee from the Company. This loan is in the
aggregate original principal amount of and has a five-year term maturing in . 

Term loan, due 2026 
In November 2018, two of the Company s subsidiaries, Mykonos Tanker LL and Santorini Tanker LLC, entered into a loan with
Wintrust Commercial Finance which is guaranteed by the Company. This loan is in the aggregate original principal amount of 
 and has a seven-year term maturing on . 

Applicable Margin 

Unsecured
Senior Notes 

Notes 
These notes were issued on March 7, 2003 and consisted of 
 in face value, which were due on . Pursuant to the Equity Plan,
the Company issued two series of 
 Notes due , one series in an aggregate principal
amount of 
 (the Election 1 Notes and
the other series in an aggregate principal amount of 
 (the Election 2 Notes and
together with the Election 1 Notes, the Election Notes to holders of the 
 (the 2024 Notes that elected
to receive Election 1 Notes or Election 2 Notes, as the case may be. The outstanding Election 1 notes were repurchased and retired
during the year ended December 31, 2015. 

The
Election 2 Notes have substantially the same terms as the 2024 Notes, other than the (i) maturity date and (ii) definitions
and provisions related to a holder s right to require the Company to repurchase such holder s Election 2 Notes upon
the occurrence of certain changes in the ownership or control of OSG. The Election 2 Notes accrue interest at the rate of 7.50 
per annum. 

Interest
Expense 

Term loan, due 2024 

Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, due 2025 

Term loan, due 2026 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027 

Unsecured senior notes 

OBS Facilities 

Total interest expense on debt facilities 

Cash
paid for interest expense was 
 and 
 in the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Total 

Total 

Liabilities 

Term loan, due 2023, net 

Term loan, due 2024, net 

Alaska tankers term loan, due 2025, net 

OSG 204 LLC term loan, due 2025, net 

Term loan, due 2026, net 

OSG 205 LLC and OSG Courageous II LLC term loan, due 2027, net 

Unsecured senior notes, net 

Total 

Carrying 
 Fair Value 

Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 
 December 31, 2019: 

Assets 

Cash
 (1) 

Total 

Liabilities 

Term loan, due 2023, net 

Term loan, due 2024, net 

Term loan, due 2026, net 

Unsecured senior notes, net 

Total 

(1) 
 and
 
 at
 December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Restricted cash as of December 31, 2020 and
 2019 was related to the Company s Unsecured Senior Notes. 

Nonfinancial
Instruments that are Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Vessel
Impairments 

There
were no vessels measured at fair value during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

During the first and second quarters
of 2020, the Company established terms to sell for scrap the OSG 243, OSG Independence and the OSG 244 . Based on
the negotiated sale terms, the Company recorded losses, which were not material and included in loss on disposal of vessels and
other property, including impairments, net on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Valuation
of Intangible Assets 

The
Company s intangible assets at December 31, 2020 and 2019 consisted of long-term customer relationships acquired as part
of the 2006 purchase of Maritrans, Inc. The long-term customer relationships are being amortized on a straight-line basis over
20 years. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company gave consideration as to whether events or changes in circumstances had
occurred that could indicate the carrying value of the Company s intangible assets may not be recoverable. The Company concluded
that no such events or changes in circumstances had occurred. 

Payroll and benefits 

Interest 

Insurance 

Accrued drydock and repair costs 

Bunkers and lubricants 

Charter revenues received in advance 

Accrued vessel expenses 

Accrued general and administrative, primarily professional fees 

Other 

Accounts Payable and Other Accrued Liabilities,
 Current 

Current - State 

Current 

Deferred Federal 

Deferred - State 

Deferred 

Total 

Adjustments due to: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Equity awards 

Return to provision 

Nondeductible expenses 

Uncertain tax positions and tax examination settlement 

U.S. income subject to tonnage tax 

Other 

Effective tax rate 

During
2020, 
 of income 
from the Overseas Mykonos and Overseas Santorini was excluded as part of the tonnage tax exclusion resulting in
a ) 
 impact on the Company s effective tax rate. 

Prepaid expenditures 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other-net 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets: 

Loss carryforwards 

Operating lease liability 

Finance lease liability 

Employee compensation and benefit plans 

Financing and professional fees 

Accrued expenses and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

(1) 
 Includes
 deferred tax liabilities related to finance lease right-of-use assets totaling and 
 at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of 
 which are available to reduce future
taxes, if any. The federal net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in .
Additionally, as of December 31, 2020, the Company had U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of 435,013.
 .
Included in the financing and professional fees deferred income assets above are U.S. federal interest expense deductions with
an indefinite carryforward period. 

The
Company assessed all available positive and negative evidence to determine whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated
to permit use of existing deferred tax assets. For U.S. federal deferred tax assets, the Company concluded that sufficient positive
evidence existed, primarily the result of reversing deferred tax liabilities during the carryover period. However, for certain
state deferred tax assets, the negative evidence has outweighed the positive evidence which has resulted in the Company establishing
a valuation allowance of 
 and 
 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company received refunds (net of payments made) of and the Company
paid (net of refunds received) ,
respectively, of income taxes. 

(Decreases)/increases for positions taken in prior years 

Decreases due to settlements with taxing authorities 

Rate change 

Balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 

Included
in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 are and ,
respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. 

The
Company records interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties
are included within the related liability for unrecognized tax benefit line on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company accrued interest and recorded liabilities for interest and penalties were not
material. 

After
taking into consideration tax attributes, such as net operating loss carryforwards and interest, the Company s unrecognized
tax benefits represent a noncurrent reserve for uncertain tax positions of and 
 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

The
U.S. Internal Revenue Service completed exams on the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns for years 2012 - 2015. With
few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before
2016. The Company conducts business and files income tax returns in numerous states. Currently, one of the Company s
state tax returns is under examination by a state as part of routine audits conducted in the ordinary course of business. The
future utilization of state net operating losses could potentially subject the Company to state examinations prior to the otherwise
applicable statute of limitation. States vary in carryforward periods but generally extend up to 20 years or a period consistent
with the federal limits under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 

of the outstanding shares of each class
of capital stock of the Company must be owned by U.S. citizens. At and during such time that the limit is reached with respect
to shares of Class A common stock as applicable, we will be unable to issue any further shares of such class of common stock or
approve transfers of such class of common stock to non-U.S. citizens until the holdings of non-U.S. citizens falls below the maximum
percentage allowable. 

Share
Repurchases 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, in connection with the vesting of restricted stock units RSUs ), the
Company withheld 
 and ,
respectively, shares of Class A common stock at an average price of 
 and 
 per share (based on the market prices
on the dates of vesting), respectively, from certain members of management to cover withholding taxes. 

Warrant
Conversions 

Each
Class A warrant represents the right to purchase one share of Class A common stock, subject in each case to the adjustments as
provided pursuant to the terms thereof. The warrants may be exercised at a price per share of Class A common stock, as applicable,
of ,
which shall be paid pursuant to a cashless exercise procedure. Warrants may be exercised at any time or from time to time on or
before August 5, 2039 and will expire thereafter. Until they exercise their warrants, except as otherwise provided in the warrants,
the holders of the warrants will not have the rights or privileges of holders of the Company s common stock, including any
voting rights. Warrants may only be exercised by holders who establish to OSG s reasonable satisfaction that they or the
person designated to receive the shares is a U.S. person or to the extent shares deliverable upon exercise would not constitute
Non-Complying Shares (as defined in OSG s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation). As of December 31, 2020, the
Company had 
 Class A warrants outstanding, convertible
into 
 shares of Class A common stock. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company issued 
 and 
 shares of Class A common stock, respectively,
as a result of the exercise of 
 and 
 Class A warrants, respectively. 

Incentive
Plans 

On
September 23, 2014, the Company s Compensation Committee the Committee approved the Overseas Shipholding
Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan (the Management Compensation Plan and the Overseas Shipholding
Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan (the Director Plan ). OSG stockholders approved these
plans on June 9, 2015. On June 6, 2017, at the annual stockholders meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an increase
to the maximum number of shares for issuance under the Director Plan by 
 shares. The 2019 Incentive Compensation
Plan for Management was approved by the Committee on March 22, 2019, by our Board on April 4, 2019 and then by the Company s
stockholders at the annual meeting on May 30, 2019 (together with the Management Compensation Plan and Non-employee Director Incentive
Compensation Plan, the Incentive Plans ). 

The
Incentive Plans contain anti-dilution provisions whereby in the event of any change in the capitalization of the Company, the
number and type of securities underlying outstanding share-based payment awards must be adjusted, as appropriate, in order to
prevent dilution or enlargement of rights. The impact of these provisions resulted in a modification of all outstanding share-based
payment awards upon the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin-off transactions. As the fair value of the awards
immediately after the stock dividend, reverse stock split and spin off transactions, did not increase when compared to the fair
value of such awards immediately prior to such transactions, no incremental compensation costs were recognized as a result of
such modifications. 

The
purpose of the Incentive Plans is to promote the interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing certain employees
and members of the Board, who are largely responsible for the management, growth and protection of the business of the Company,
with incentives and rewards to encourage them to continue in the service of the Company. The Incentive Plans permit the Committee
to grant to eligible employees and directors of the Company, as applicable, any of the following types of awards (or any combination
thereof): cash incentive awards, nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options and other stock-based awards, including,
without limitation, stock appreciation rights, phantom stock, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, deferred
share units and share-denominated performance units. 

Stock
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for stock compensation expense in accordance with the fair value based method required by ASC 718, Compensation
 Stock Compensation . Such fair value based method requires share based payment transactions to be measured based on
the fair value of the equity instruments issued. 

Director
Compensation - Restricted Stock Units 

The
Company awarded a total of 
 and 
 RSUs for the years ended December 31,
2020 and 2019, respectively, to its non-employee directors. The weighted average fair value of the Company s stock on the
measurement date of such awards was 
 (2020) and 
 (2019) per share. Such RSUs vest in full
on the earlier of the next annual meeting of the stockholders or the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to each director
continuing to provide services to the Company through such date. The RSUs granted may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or
otherwise encumbered prior to vesting. Upon vesting, a holder of restricted share awards has all the rights of a stockholder of
the Company, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares at the
same time as common stockholders generally. RSUs which have not become vested as of the date the grantee s service on the
Board of Directors terminates will be forfeited and the grantee will have no further rights with respect to the RSUs. 

Management
Compensation 

Restricted
Stock Units 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company awarded 
 and 
 time-based RSUs to certain of its employees,
including senior officers. The average grant date fair value of these awards was 
 (2020) and 
 (2019), per RSU. Each RSU represents a
contingent right to receive one share of Class A common stock upon vesting. Each award of RSUs will vest in equal installments
on each of the first three anniversaries of the grant date. RSUs may not be transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered
until they are settled. Settlement of vested RSUs may be in either shares of Class A common stock or cash, as determined at the
discretion of the Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and will occur as soon as practicable after the vesting date. If
the RSUs are settled in shares of common stock, following the settlement of such shares, the grantee will be the record owner
of the shares of Class A common stock and will have all the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote
such shares and the right to receive dividends paid with respect to such shares of Class A common stock. RSUs which have not become
vested as of the date of a grantee s termination from the Company will be forfeited without the payment of any consideration,
unless otherwise provided for. 

In
addition, during the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company awarded 
 shares to certain of its senior officers
of the Company s common stock, net of all taxes, which vested immediately. The average grant date fair value of these awards
was . 

During
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company awarded 
 and 
 performance-based RSUs to its senior officers,
respectively. Each performance-based RSU represents a contingent right to receive RSUs based upon continuous employment through
the end of a three-year performance period and will vest as follows: (i) one-half of the target RSUs will vest and become nonforfeitable
subject to OSG s return on invested capital ROIC performance in the three-year ROIC performance period relative
to a target rate (the ROIC Target set forth in the award agreements (which define ROIC as net operating profit
after taxes divided by the net of total debt plus shareholders equity less cash); and (ii) one-half of the target RSUs will be
subject to OSG s three-year total shareholder return TSR Target performance relative to that of a performance
index over a three-year TSR performance period. The performance index consists of companies that comprise a combination of the
oil and gas storage and transportation and marine GICS sub-industries indexes during the performance period. Vesting is subject
in each case to certification by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee of the Parent Company s Board of Directors
as to achievement of the performance measures and targets. 

The
ROIC Target RSU awards and the TSR Target RSU awards are subject to an increase up to a maximum of 
 and 
 target RSUs combined, respectively, 
 and 
 RSUs in total, respectively) or decrease,
depending on performance against the applicable measure and targets. The ROIC performance goal is a performance condition which,
as of December 31, 2020, management believed was probable of being achieved. Accordingly, for financial reporting purposes, compensation
costs have been recognized for these awards. The grant date fair value of the TSR based performance awards, which have a market
condition, was determined to be 
 and 
 per RSU, respectively. 

For the Incentive Plans, compensation
expense is recognized over the vesting period, contingent or otherwise, applicable to each grant, using the straight-line method.
Compensation expense as a result of the RSUs described above was and during the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company awarded 
 stock options to one of its senior officers,
which vested immediately. Each stock option represents an option to purchase one share of Class A common stock for an exercise
price of 
 per share. The call option value of the
options was 
 per option. Under the grant agreement,
the stock options have a holding requirement until the earliest to occur of (i) a change in control; (ii) the separation from
service date, in the event of a termination of the grantee s employment by the Company without cause or by the grantee for
good reason and (iii) the third anniversary of the grant date. The stock options expire on the business day immediately preceding
the tenth anniversary of the award date. If a stock option grantee s employment is terminated for cause (as defined in the
applicable Form of Grant Agreement), stock options (whether then vested or exercisable or not) will lapse and will not be exercisable.
If a stock option grantee s employment is terminated for reasons other than cause, the option recipient may exercise the
vested portion of the stock option but only within such period of time ending on the earlier to occur of (i) the 90th day ending
after the option holder s employment terminated and (ii) the expiration of the options, provided that if the option holder s
employment terminates for death or disability the vested portion of the option may be exercised until the earlier of (i) the first
anniversary of employment termination and (ii) the expiration date of the options. 

The
fair value of the options granted were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted average assumptions for the 2019 grant: risk free interest rates of ,
dividend yield of ,
expected stock price volatility factor of 
 and expected life of 
 years. 

The
Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions,
including the expected stock price volatility. Since the Company s stock options have characteristics significantly different
from those of traded options, and because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate,
in management s opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its
stock options. 

Granted 

Vested 
 to 
 per share) 

Forfeited 
 per share) 

Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2019 

Nonvested Shares Outstanding at January 01, 2020 

Granted 

Vested 
 to 
 per share) 

Forfeited 
 to 
 per share) 

Nonvested Shares Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Granted 

Options Outstanding at December 31, 2019 

Options Outstanding at January 01, 2020 

Granted 

Options Outstanding at December 31, 2020 

Options Exercisable at January 01, 2020 
 - 
 
 Granted 
 - 
 
 Options Exercisable at December 31, 2020 

The
weighted average remaining contractual life of the outstanding stock options at December 31, 2020 was 
 years. The range of exercise prices of
the stock options outstanding at December 31, 2020 was between 
 and 
 per share. The weighted average exercise
price of the stock options outstanding was 
 per share at both December 31, 2020 and
2019. 

Compensation
expense as a result of the grants of stock options described above was not material for the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019. 

As
of December 31, 2020, there was 
 of unrecognized compensation cost related
to nonvested share-based compensation arrangements. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 
 years. 

, on the
consolidated balance sheets follow: 

Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Balance as of December 31, 2018 

Current period change, excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

Other income, net 
 
 Net periodic benefit costs associated with pension
 and postretirement benefit plans for seagoing employees 

Other income, net 

Total before tax 

Tax provision 

Total net of tax 

The
following amounts are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2020, which have not yet been recognized
in net periodic cost: unrecognized prior service credits of 
 
 net of tax) and unrecognized actuarial
losses 
 
 net of tax). 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2019: 

Current period change excluding amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total change in accumulated other comprehensive loss 

years. Many of the Company s leases
contain one or more options to extend. The Company includes options that it is reasonably certain to exercise in its evaluation
of the lease term after considering all relevant economic and financial factors and calculates the initial lease liability as
the present value of fixed payments, or in substance fixed payments, not yet paid and variable payments that are based on an index
(e.g., CPI), measured at commencement. Leases are discounted using the Company s incremental borrowing rate adjusted for
risk based on the length of the lease term because the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The Company made
the accounting policy election to keep leases with a term of 12 months or less off the balance sheet. 

Office space noncurrent operating lease assets 

Total noncurrent operating lease assets 

Vessels chartered-in operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Office space operating lease liabilities 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease 

Vessels and other property 

Accumulated amortization 

Vessels and other property, less accumulated amortization 

Current portion of finance lease liabilities 

Noncurrent finance lease liabilities 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Charters-in 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had commitments to charter-in 
 vessels, which are all bareboat charters.
On March 12, 2020, the Company commenced a bareboat charter for the Alaskan Frontier for a lease term of three
 years. Based on the length of the lease
term and the remaining economic life of the vessel, it is accounted for as an operating lease. For the remaining 11 chartered-in
vessels, 10 vessels are accounted for as operating leases and one vessel is accounted for as a finance lease. The right-of-use
asset accounted for as a finance lease arrangement is reported in vessels and other property, less accumulated depreciation on
our consolidated balance sheets. 

Five
of the Company s chartered in vessels contain a deferred payment obligation DPO which relates to charter
hire expense incurred by the Company in prior years and payable to the vessel owner in future periods. This DPO is due in quarterly
installments with the final quarterly payment due upon lease termination. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Net minimum
 lease payments 

Less present
 value discount 

Total
 lease liabilities 

The
bareboat charters-in provide for variable lease payments in the form of profit share to the owners of the vessels calculated in
accordance with the respective charter agreements or based on time charter sublease revenue. Because such amounts and the periods
impacted are not reasonably estimable, they are not currently reflected in the table above. Due to reserve funding requirements
and current rate forecasts, no profits are currently expected to be paid to the owners in respect of the charter term within the
next year. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, lease expense for the Company s chartered-in vessels accounted for as operating
leases was and
 ,
respectively, which is included in charter hire expense on the consolidated statements of operations and operating cash flows
on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company recognized sublease income of 
 and ,
respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had
non-cash operating activities of 
 and ,
respectively, for obtaining operating right-of-use assets and liabilities. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, lease expense related to the Company s finance lease was 
 and ,
respectively, related to amortization of the right-of-use asset and 
 and ,
respectively, related to interest on the lease liability. These are included in operating cash flows on the consolidated statements
of cash flows. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company had non-cash financing activities of 
 for obtaining finance right-of-use assets. 

Office
space 

The
Company has lease obligations for office space that generally require fixed annual rental payments and may also include escalation
clauses and renewal options. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Net minimum lease payments 

Less present value discount 

Total lease liabilities 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the rental expense for office space, which is included in general and administrative
expenses on the consolidated statements of operations, was 
 and ,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, cash paid for office space rental was 
 and ,
respectively, which is included in operating cash flows on the consolidated statements of cash flows. 

years 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

Weighted average remaining lease term - finance lease 
 
 years 
 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate - finance lease 

Charters-out 

The
Company enters into time charter contracts under which a customer pays a fixed daily or monthly rate for a fixed period of time
for use of a vessel. The Company recognizes revenues from time charters as operating leases ratably over the noncancelable contract
term. Under certain time charter contracts, the Company receives variable lease payments based on a defined profit share arrangement,
which are recognized as revenue in the period in which the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments
are based occur. Customers generally pay voyage expenses such as fuel, canal tolls and port charges. The Company also provides
the charterer with services such as technical management and crew costs. Services are recognized ratably over the life of the
contract term. 

The
Company is the lessor under its time charter contracts. Certain time charter contracts provide the charterer with the option
to extend the contract for a specific period of time. For time charters, the Company applied the practical expedient to combine
the lease and non-lease components for these contracts. Total time charter revenue for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019
was equal to lease income from lease payments of 
 and ,
respectively, plus straight-line adjustments of 
 and ,
respectively. The net book value of owned vessels on noncancelable time charters was equal to 
 at December 31, 2020. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

Thereafter 

Net minimum lease receipts 

Revenues
from a time charter are not generally received when a vessel is off-hire, including time required for normal periodic maintenance
of the vessel. In arriving at the minimum future charter revenues, an estimated time off-hire to perform periodic maintenance
on each vessel has been deducted, although it cannot be assured that such estimate will be reflective of the actual off-hire in
the future. 

(1) 
 
 (1) 
 None 

MEBA Pension Plan 
 51-6029896 
 
 (1) 
 
 (1) 
 None 

Seafarers Pension Plan 
 13-6100329 
 
 (1) 
 
 (1) 
 None 

Total contributions 

(1) 
 between
 65 and 80 . A Green Zone Status
plan is a plan that is 80 funded or more .

The
plan years for the three union plans end as follows: MEBA and SIU on December 31 and AMO on September 30. The Company has no future
minimum contribution requirements under the three multiemployer pension plans shown above as of December 31, 2020 and any future
contributions are subject to negotiations between the employers and the unions. 

ERISA
requires employers who are contributors to U.S. multiemployer plans to continue funding their allocable share of each plan s
unfunded vested benefits in the event of withdrawal from or termination of such plans. Based on information received from the
trustees of the SIU Pension Plan, the Company is not subject to withdrawal liabilities under that plan. Based on the actuarial
report received from the trustees of the MEBA Pension Plan, as of December 31, 2020, the Company s estimated withdrawal
liability would have been approximately 
 had the Company elected to withdraw from
the plan in 2020. Based on the actuarial report received from the trustees of the AMO Pension Plan, as of September 30, 2019,
the Company s estimated withdrawal liability would have been approximately 
 had the Company elected to withdraw from
the plan in 2020. The Company has no intentions of terminating its participation in any of the three multiemployer pension plans
and has no expectations that the plans will be terminated. Accordingly, no provisions have been made for the estimated withdrawal
liability as of December 31, 2020. 

Postretirement
Benefit Plans 

The
Company also provides certain postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to qualifying domestic retirees and their
eligible dependents OSG Postretirement Plan ). The health care plan for shore-based employees and their dependents
and seagoing licensed deck officers Deck Officers and their dependents is contributory at retirement, while the
life insurance plan for all employees is noncontributory. In general, postretirement medical coverage is provided to shore-based
employees hired prior to January 1, 2005 and all Deck Officers who retire and have met minimum age and service requirements under
a formula related to total years of service. The Company no longer provides prescription drug coverage to its retirees or their
beneficiaries once they reach age 65. The Company does not currently fund these benefit arrangements and has the right to amend
or terminate the health care and life insurance benefits at any time. 

As
part of the acquisition of ATC, the Company assumed liabilities of 
 related to a pension and postretirement
plan ATC Plan ). The
plan was frozen as of December 31, 2016 and closed to new entrants as of January 1, 2017. 

The
acquisition of the ATC Plan resulted in an increase in benefit obligation of 
 on March 12, 2020. 
The OSG Postretirement Plan was amended effective December 31, 2020 to include participants of the ATC Plan. Due to changes in
the plan provisions, certain participants from the ATC Plan elected not to continue coverage in the OSG Postretirement Plan and
an actuarial gain of 
 in other comprehensive income 
was recognized. The plan provisions for the ATC participants that moved into the OSG Postretirement Plan were amended and a negative
plan amendment of 
 was established. 

Cost of benefits earned (service cost) 

Interest cost on benefit obligation 

Actuarial losses/(gains) 

Benefits paid 

Plan Amendments 

Acquisition 

Benefit obligation at year end 

Change in plan assets: 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 

Actual return on plan assets 

Employer contributions 

Benefits paid 

Fair value of plan assets at year end 

Unfunded status at December 31 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Interest cost on benefit obligation 

Expected return on plan assets 

Amortization of prior-service costs 

Recognized net actuarial loss 

Net periodic benefit cost 

The
selection of a single discount rate for the Maritrans Plan was derived from bond yield curves, which the Company believed as of
such dates to be appropriate for ongoing plans with a long duration, such as the Maritrans Plan, and that generally mirror the
type of high yield bond portfolio the Company could acquire to offset its obligations under the Maritrans Plan. 

/ 

Expected (long-term) return on plan assets 

The
assumed health care cost trend rate for measuring the benefit obligation included in Other Benefits above is an increase of 
 as of December 31, 2020, with the rate
of increase declining to an ultimate trend rate of 
 per annum by 2027 Assumed health care
cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health care plans. 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026-2030 

Total 

The
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the current and expected asset allocations. Additionally, the long-term
rate of return is based on historical returns, investment strategy, inflation expectations and other economic factors. The expected
long-term rate of return is then applied to the market value of plan assets. 

Equity securities: 

Large cap exchange traded fund 

Small company - mid value 

Small company - mid growth 

International value 

International growth 

Fixed income and preferred stock: 

Intermediate term bond fund 

Small company - mid value - preferred stock 

Total 

Plan
fiduciaries of the Retirement Plan of Maritrans, Inc. set investment policies, strategies and oversee its investment allocation,
which includes selecting investment managers and setting long term strategic targets. The primary strategic investment objective
is to maximize total return while maintaining a broadly diversified portfolio for the primary purpose of satisfying obligations
for future benefit payments. Equities are the primary holdings of the Retirement Plan of Maritrans, Inc. Other investments, including
fixed income investments, provide diversification, and, in certain cases, lower the volatility of returns. In general, equity
can range from 
 to 
 percent of total plan assets, fixed income
securities can range from 
 to 
 percent of total plan assets and cash
can be held in amounts up to 5 percent of plan assets. Actual asset allocation within the approved ranges varies from time to
time based on economic conditions (both current and forecast) and the advice of professional advisors. 

The
Company contributed 
 and 
 to the Maritrans Plan in 2020 and 2019,
respectively. The Company expects to make contributions of approximately 
 to the Maritrans Plan in 2021. 

Defined
Contribution Plans 

The
Company also had defined contribution plans covering all eligible employees. Contributions are limited to amounts allowable for
income tax purposes. Commencing in 2006, employer contributions include both employer contributions made regardless of employee
contributions and matching contributions to the plans. All contributions to the plans are at the discretion of the Company. The
Company s contributions to the plan were 
 and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019, respectively. 

The
Company also has an unfunded, nonqualified supplemental savings plan covering highly compensated U.S. shore-based employees of
the Company, which was terminated in connection with the Company s filing for bankruptcy in 2012. This plan provided for
levels of hypothetical employer contributions that would otherwise have been made under the Company s defined contribution
plans in the absence of limitations imposed by income tax regulations. The Company s unfunded obligations under this plan
at December 31, 2020 and 2019 were not material. 

Benefit
Liabilities 

As
part of the acquisition of ATC, the Company assumed liabilities related to a deferred compensation plan. The deferred compensation
plan is an unfunded, nonqualified plan that allows eligible employees to defer up to 
 of their performance bonuses, or defer
up to 
 
 minimum) of their salary, select investments
for their deferral balances and determine when to be paid out. Eligible employees can elect to receive payment either on a specified
date, or on a specified date after termination of employment, and either in a lump sum or annual installments, with a maximum
deferral period of 
 years. Expected timing of payout is greater
than one year and therefore classified as long-term. The balance of the deferred compensation plan at December 31, 2020 was 
and included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets . 

Change in investment value 

Investment income 

Loss
 on extinguishment and prepayments of debt, net (1) 

Pension
 and post retirement items (2) 

OSG LNG performance guarantee fees 

Miscellaneous-net 

Other income/(expense), net 

(1) 

(2) 

76 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board
of Directors and Shareholders 

 Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the financial statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income,
changes in equity/(deficit), and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in the 2013
 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated April 1, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
audit matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

Acquisition
of Alaska Tanker Company and Related Transactions 

As
described further in Note 6 to the financial statements, the Company purchased three vessels and the remaining equity ownership
in Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC ). The Company accounted for these transactions, and other related transactions,
collectively as an asset acquisition and as the termination of pre-existing arrangements, which resulted in the recognition of
a termination gain. We identified the evaluation of, and accounting for, the transactions as an asset acquisition and associated
termination of pre-existing arrangement gain, including valuation considerations, as a critical audit matter. 

77 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that the accounting for the transactions as an asset acquisition and that the related
valuation and accounting for the gain on termination of the pre-existing arrangements is a critical audit matter include that
the consummation of multiple interrelated and interdependent transactions required a high degree of management and auditor judgment
and increased audit procedures to corroborate management s estimates and application of accounting guidance. Management s
estimates included the fair value of acquired vessels and long term charter arrangements. These estimates were applied to accounting
guidance for the determination that the transaction was an asset acquisition and for purposes of allocating the purchase price
among the acquired assets. 

Our
audit procedures related to the evaluation of the estimates and accounting for the above described transactions included the following,
among others. 

We
 read and evaluated associated time charter and purchase and sale agreements and agreed the terms of the transactions to source
 documents. 

We
 read the summary memorandum prepared by management, inspected the underlying source documents, and evaluated evidential matter
 associated with management s estimates and conclusions. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the fair value of the acquired vessels (applied in determining whether the acquired assets
 were concentrated in a single asset) in relation to their salvage value, insured fair value and loan to value ratio. 

We
 evaluated the gross margin assumptions of the long-term charter arrangements to the gross margins of other similar existing
 arrangements and concluded upon no significant fair value of such arrangements (applied in determining whether the acquired
 assets were concentrated in a single asset). 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the fair values of acquired assets, as discussed above, when applied to the allocation of
 the purchase price to such acquired assets. 

We
 consulted with our national office resources regarding the application of accounting guidance and regarding our evaluation
 of the substance of the interrelated transactions referred to above. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

Tampa,
Florida 

 April 1, 2021 

78 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Overseas
Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on internal control over financial reporting 

We
have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries
(the Company as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion,
the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020,
based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ),
the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our report dated April
1, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 

Basis
for opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting Management s Report ). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with
the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that
a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Our
audit of, and opinion on, the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not include the internal control
over financial reporting of Alaska Tanker Company, LLC ATC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, whose financial statements
reflect total assets and revenues constituting 9 and 19 , respectively, of the related consolidated financial statement
amounts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020. As indicated in the Management s Report, ATC was acquired during
2020. Management s assertion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting excluded
internal control over financial reporting of ATC. 

Definition
and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Tampa,
Florida 

April 1, 2021 

79 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as
of December 31, 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, cash flows and changes in equity/(deficit)
for the year ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company at December 31, 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2019, in conformity
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
ERNST YOUNG LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor from 2017 to 2020. 

Tampa,
Florida 

 March
13, 2020 

80 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
 of disclosure controls and procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial
Officer CFO ), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Based on that evaluation, the Company s CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31, 2020 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

(b) Management s
 report on internal control over financial reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of adequate internal control over financial reporting for
the Company. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act, is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s system of internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
with participation of the CEO and CFO, has performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on the provisions of Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Management
has concluded the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2020. 

The
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 has been audited by Grant
Thornton LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Item 8,
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

(c) Changes
 in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020 that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

81 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
III 

Dollar
amounts in Part III are expressed in whole dollars unless otherwise noted. 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

See
Item 14 below. 

Executive
Officers 

The
table below sets forth the name and age of each executive officer of the Company and the date such executive officer was elected
to his or her current position with the Company. The term of office of each executive officer continues until the first meeting
of the Board of Directors of the Company immediately following the next annual meeting of its stockholders, and until the election
and qualification of his or her successor. There are no family relationships between the executive officers. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position Held 
 Date Assumed Executive Officer Position 
 
 Samuel H. Norton 
 62 
 President and CEO 
 December 2016 
 
 Richard Trueblood 
 75 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 July 2017 
 
 Susan Allan 
 58 
 Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel 
 November 2016 
 
 Patrick O Halloran 
 51 
 Vice President and Chief Operations Officer 
 December 2016 
 
 Damon Mote 
 53 
 Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer 
 December 2016 

Samuel
H. Norton was appointed CEO and President of OSG in December 2016. Prior to this, he served as Senior Vice President of OSG and
President and CEO of the U.S. Flag Strategic Business Unit from July 2016 and has served on the Company s Board of Directors
since August 2014. Prior to joining OSG, Mr. Norton Co-Founded SeaChange Maritime, LLC in 2006 and served as its Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Norton spent the seventeen-year period ending July 2005 as a senior executive officer at Tanker Pacific
Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. In 1995, Mr. Norton initiated and led the entry of the Sammy Ofer Group into the container segment,
and acquired and operated the first container vessels in the group s fleet. While at Tanker Pacific, Mr. Norton also conceived
and started a related business, Tanker Pacific Offshore Terminals (TPOT), which owns and operates a fleet of floating, offshore
oil storage terminals (FSO). Prior to joining the Ofer group, Mr. Norton played a lead role in the Asian distressed assets group
of the First National Bank of Boston, a position which acquainted him with the shipping industry and the Ofer family. Mr. Norton
holds a BA in Chinese Language and Literature from Dartmouth College where he graduated in 1981. 

Richard
Trueblood, CPA, was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of OSG in December 2017, following his appointment as our interim CFO
in July 2017. Prior to OSG, he was a Partner in the Florida CFO
Group providing interim and project Chief Financial Officer services to companies such as the technology start-up Heliotrope Technologies,
Inc. He has been CFO at Advent Solar Inc. and Troon Golf LLC. He has extensive experience with equity and debt financing with
companies at all stages of development including NYSE listed Promus Hotel Corporation where he was Senior Vice President - Finance.
Mr. Trueblood was a partner at KPMG where he provided extensive services to clients in strategic business management, mergers
and acquisitions, divestitures and SEC compliance. While at KPMG, he led the real estate practices in Boston, Massachusetts and
Orange County, California. He also served as a director for UMB Bank Arizona, N.A. for eight years. Mr. Trueblood holds a Bachelor
of Science degree from Bentley University. 

Susan
Allan joined OSG in November 2016 as OSG s Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Ms. Allan has extensive
experience in corporate governance and SEC matters from her positions as Vice President, Assistant Corporate Secretary at Jabil
Circuit, Inc. from 2009 until September 2016, and as Director, Senior Counsel at Tech Data Corporation from 1997 to 2009. Prior
to that, Ms. Allan worked as Director, Senior Counsel at Anchor Glass Container, as an Assistant County Attorney in the Hillsborough
County Attorney s Office, and as an associate attorney at Barkan and Neff law firm, all in Tampa. Ms. Allan received her
law degree from the University of Southern California Gould School of Law in Los Angeles and her undergraduate degree from George
Mason University. 

82 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Patrick
O Halloran was appointed as Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of all operations,
maintenance, SQE and commercial operations for the Company s Fleet. Prior to that, Mr. O Halloran served as Vice President
Marine Operations for the Company since December 2014. Mr. O Halloran joined OSG in November 2006 as Fleet Manager as part
of the acquisition of Maritrans Inc., where he served as Fleet Maintenance Manager. He joined Maritrans, Inc. in 2002 as Technical
Superintendent. Prior to joining Maritrans, Mr. O Halloran was a Surveyor for the American Bureau of Shipping for ten years.
Mr. O Halloran holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from State University of New York Maritime
College and a Master s in Business Administration from the University of South Florida. He sits on the Board of Directors
for Alaska Tanker Company LLC, and the Chamber of Shipping of America. 

Damon
Mote was appointed as Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of OSG in December 2016 with oversight of the Company s
marine labor relations, human resources, and insurance functions. Prior to that, Mr. Mote served as Vice President of Marine Labor
Relations since December 2014. Mr. Mote joined the Company in 2004 as Manager, Major Projects and then served as Director, New
Construction beginning in 2006. In 2011 he was appointed as the Regional Manager of the Technical Services Group, which included
responsibilities for engineering, purchasing, and the fleet management software system. Prior to joining OSG, he worked for fourteen
years with Crowley Maritime. Mr. Mote holds a Bachelor of Science in Marine Engineering from California Maritime Academy. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

See
Item 14 below. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Except
for the information set forth in item 10, the information called for under Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is incorporated herein
by reference from the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed by the Company in connection with its 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

83 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) 
 The
 following consolidated financial statements of the Company are filed in response to Item 8. 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity/(Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms. 

(a)(2) 
 The
 schedules of the Company have been omitted since they are not applicable or are not required. 

(a)(3) 
 The
 following exhibits are included in response to Item 15(b): 

2.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2016, by and between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and International Seaways, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 2, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q dated August 9, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.1 
 Class A Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.2 
 Form of Class A Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.1). 

4.3 
 Class B Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2014, between the Registrant and Computershare Trust Company, N.A, as Warrant Agent (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2014, dated August 5, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.4 
 Form of Class B Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.2). 

4.5 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.6 
 Amendment to Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 26, 2014, between the Registrant and certain stockholders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to Registrant s Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

84 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

4.7 
 Indenture dated as of March 7, 2003 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee, providing for the issuance of debt securities of the Registrant from time to time (filed as Exhibit 4(e)(1) to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed May 5, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 333-105018) (filed May 5, 2003). Such Indenture is hereby modified, effective as of January 13, 2004, by deleting all references therein to Wilmington Trust Company , March 7, 2003 and any specific day, month and/or year and substituting therefore blank spaces. 

4.8 
 Form of First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 19, 2004 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 18, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed February 18, 2004). 

4.9 
 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.10 
 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2014 between the Registrant and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.11 
 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50 Senior Notes I due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.12 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 16, 2015, relating to the 7.50 Senior Notes II due 2021, between Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. and Wilmington Trust Company, as Trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference). 

4.13 
 Description of Company s Common Stock. 

10.1 
 Supplemental Executive Savings Plan of the Registrant dated as of December 22, 2005, as amended by Amendment One effective as of January 1, 2006 (filed as Exhibit 10(iii)(a) to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2008 and incorporated herein by reference) (No. 001-06479) (filed March 2, 2009). 

10.2 
 Form of Director Indemnity Agreement for the directors of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on August 20, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy for Executive Officers (filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 25, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.4 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement (Not subject to stockholder approval) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 23, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

85 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

10.7 
 Form of Officers Indemnity Agreement for the officers of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 Settlement, Release and Indemnity Agreement dated as of February 3, 2015 between the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9 
 Separation Agreement dated July 29, 2016 between the Registrant and a former executive (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 Employment Agreement dated as of July 17, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.11 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 10, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.47 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement dated as of December 12, 2016 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.49 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 
 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Comprehensive Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement, Form StOp 2017 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 
 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan approved by the stockholders at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on June 6, 2017, effective June 6, 2017. 

10.15 
 Letter Agreement dated as of July 17, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 17, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 4, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.17 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 30, 2017 between the Registrant and an executive. 

10.18 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. 

10.19 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Stock Option Grant Agreement. 

86 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

10.20 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer 20_ . 

10.21 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB 20_-ROIC. 

10.22 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR 20_. 

10.23 
 Employment Agreement dated as of December 15, 2018 between the Registrant and an executive (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.24 
 Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2018, among the Registrant, certain subsidiaries of the Registrant, various lenders, PGIM, Inc., as arranger and administrative agent, The Prudential Insurance Company of America and Ally Bank, as co-syndication agents, AB Private Credit Investors Corporation, as documentation agent, PGIM, Inc., as collateral agent and mortgage trustee (the Term Loan Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K dated December 21, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.25 
 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan for Management (filed as Appendix A to the Registrant s Form DEF 14A dated May 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.26 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Incentive Compensation Plan Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Form Non-Employee Director. 

10.27 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 7, 2019 between Overseas Gulf Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC, as lender. 

10.28 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of August 7, 2019 between Overseas Sun Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as lender. 

10.29 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 between Overseas Gulf Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC, as lender. 

10.30 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 between Overseas Sun Coast LLC, subsidiary of Registrant, as borrower, and Pacific Western Bank, as lender. 

10.31 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form TB-Officer. 

87 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

10.32 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-ROIC_. 

10.33 
 Form of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 2019 Incentive Compensation Plan For Management Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement Form PB-TSR_. 

10.34 
 Amendment No. 3 dated April 1, 2021 to Term Loan Credit Agreement dated December 21, 2018 

21 
 List
 of subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

23.2 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

31.2 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as amended. 

32 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema. 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 

(1) 
 The
 Exhibits marked with one asterisk ) are a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
 as an exhibit. 

(2) 
 The
 Exhibits which have not previously been filed or listed are marked with two asterisks ). 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

88 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
April 1, 2021 

OVERSEAS
 SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Vice
 President 

and
 Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Each of such persons appoints Samuel H. Norton and Richard
Trueblood, and each of them, as his agents and attorneys-in-fact, in his name, place and stead in all capacities, to sign and
file with the SEC any amendments to this report and any exhibits and other documents in connection therewith, hereby ratifying
and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact or either of them may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this power of
attorney. 

89 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Date 

/s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 
 
 April
 1, 2021 
 
 Samuel
 H. Norton, Principal 

Executive
 Officer and Director 

/s/
 DOUGLAS D. WHEAT 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 Douglas
 D. Wheat, Director 

/s/
 JOHN P. REDDY 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 John
 P. Reddy, Director 

/s/
 JOSEPH I. KRONSBERG 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 Joseph
 I. Kronsberg, Director 

/s/
 JULIE E. SILCOCK 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 Julie
 E. Silcock, Director 

/s/
 ANJA L. MANUEL 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 Anja
 L. Manuel, Director 

/s/
 GARY EUGENE TAYLOR 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 Gary
 Eugene Taylor, Director 

/s/ REBECCA
 DELAET 
 
 April
 1, 2021 
 
 Rebecca DeLaet, Director 

90 Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 

<EX-10.34>
 2
 ex10-34.htm

Exhibit
10.34 

Execution Version 

AMENDMENT
NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

THIS
AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of April 1, 2021, is entered into by and
among OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC., a Delaware corporation, as guarantor Holdings ), MARITRANS GENERAL
PARTNER, INC., a Delaware corporation, MARITRANS OPERATING COMPANY L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, OSG 244 LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, OSG AMERICA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG AMERICA L.P., a Delaware limited partnership,
OSG AMERICA OPERATING COMPANY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG BULK SHIPS, INC., a New York corporation OBS ),
OSG COLUMBIA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG COURAGEOUS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG DELAWARE
BAY LIGHTERING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG ENDURANCE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG MARITRANS
PARENT LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG PRODUCT TANKERS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG PRODUCT
TANKERS AVTC, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG PRODUCT TANKERS I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG
PRODUCT TANKERS II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OSG PRODUCT TANKERS MEMBER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
OSG SHIP MANAGEMENT, INC., a Delaware corporation, OVERSEAS ST HOLDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS ANACORTES
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS BOSTON LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS HOUSTON LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS LONG BEACH LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS LOS ANGELES LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS MARTINEZ LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS NEW YORK LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, OVERSEAS NIKISKI LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, OVERSEAS TAMPA LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, OVERSEAS TEXAS CITY LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, but excluding Holdings, the Borrowers ,
and each individually, jointly and severally, a Borrower ), the lenders from time to time party hereto (collectively,
the Lenders , and each individually a Lender ), and PGIM, INC., as administrative agent
for the Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 

Recitals : 

The
Borrowers, Holdings (collectively with the Borrowers, the Loan Parties ), the Lenders, the Administrative
Agent and the other Agents (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement) are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated
December 21, 2018 (as amended, and as the same may be further amended, amended and restated, supplemented, extended or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Lenders agreed to loan the Borrowers
the aggregate principal amount of 325,000,000 (the Loan ). 

Recently,
the Loan Parties requested that the Lenders and the Administrative Agent modify certain of the terms and conditions contained
in the Credit Agreement and the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to do so in accordance with this Amendment. 

Agreement 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and other mutual agreements and covenants contained herein and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Definitions. All references to the Agreement or the Credit Agreement in the Credit Agreement and
in this Amendment shall be deemed to be references to the Credit Agreement as it may be amended, restated, extended, renewed,
replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined have the meanings given to such
terms in the Credit Agreement. 

1 

2.
Effectiveness of Agreement. This Amendment shall become effective as of the date first above written, but only if (i) this Amendment
has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, Holdings, the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Borrowers
have delivered to the Lenders a schedule of all of the Vessels owned by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries and the Chartered Vessels,
in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (including reasonable detail regarding each Vessel s current status),
(iii) Holdings and its Subsidiaries (as applicable) shall have entered into amendments with respect to: (A) that certain Loan and Security
Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2020, by and between Banc of America Leasing Capital, LLC, and Kiska Island LLC, Akun Island LLC,
and Tagalak Island LLC; (B) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2020, by and among OSG 205 LLC, OSG Courageous II
LLC, and TVPX Aircraft Solutions Inc.; (C) that certain Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 7, 2019, between Pacific Western
Bank and Overseas Sun Coast LLC; (D) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2020, by and among OSG 204 LLC, various financial
institutions party thereto, and Wintrust Commercial Finance; and (E) that certain Master Security Agreement, dated as of November 19,
2018, by and among, Wintrust Commercial Finance, Mykonos Tanker LLC and Santorini Tanker LLC, (iv) the Administrative Agent shall have
received a duly executed and delivered Perfection Certificate, (v) the Borrowers shall have paid to each of the Lenders who have signed
this Amendment an amendment fee equal to 25 bps of the amount of the Loan held by such Lender as of March 31, 2021, which fee is deemed
fully earned and non-refundable as of the date hereof, (vi) the Borrowers shall have paid to King Spalding LLP, counsel to the
Administrative Agent, the legal fees and expenses due to them, and (vii) Holdings, the Borrowers, the Required Lenders, and the Administrative
Agent shall have entered into that certain letter agreement dated as of the date hereof in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative
Agent and the Required Lenders. 

3.
Amendments to Credit Agreement. Effective as of the date hereof, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

3.1.
 Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

(a)
By deleting the definitions of Adjusted LIBOR Rate , Applicable Margin and Board 
appearing therein and substituting the following in lieu thereof: 

Adjusted
LIBOR Rate means, with respect to the Initial Term Loan, as well as any Incremental Term Loan, for any Interest Period,
an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1 determined by the Administrative Agent to
be equal to the LIBOR Rate for such Term Loan in effect for such Interest Period divided by 1 minus the Statutory Reserves (if
any) for such Term Loan for such Interest Period; provided that if such rate is below 1.00 , the Adjusted LIBOR Rate shall deemed
to be 1.00 . 

Applicable
Margin means 5.50 ; provided that, upon termination of the Additional Reporting Period, the Applicable Margin shall
revert back to 5.00 . 

Board 
 shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America, or any successor governmental
authority. 

2 

(b)
By adding thereto in proper alphabetical order the following new definitions: 

Additional
Reporting Period shall mean the period commencing on the Third Amendment Effective Date and ending on the earlier of
(i) the date of timely delivery of a Compliance Certificate demonstrating: (A) compliance with the covenants set forth in Sections
5.21(a), (b), and (c) for the period ended March 31, 2022; and (B) the existence of no other Defaults or Events of Default; for
the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrowers fail to comply with such financial covenants for the period ended March 31, 2022, the
Additional Reporting Period shall extend until the date that Loans are repaid and satisfied in full and (ii) the date on which
the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice form the Borrower Representative of the Borrower s election
to terminate the Additional Reporting Period along with a Compliance Certificate demonstrating: (Y) compliance with the covenants
set forth in Sections 5.21(a), (b), and (c) (as such covenants existed immediately prior to the Third Amendment Effective Date)
as of the most recently ended fiscal quarter; and (Z) the existence of no other Defaults or Events of Default. 

Agent
Letter Agreement shall mean that certain Letter Agreement dated as of the Third Amendment Effective Date by and among
the Borrowers, the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and Holdings. 

Available
Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any
tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or
may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for
the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period 
pursuant to Section 2.17. 

Benchmark 
shall mean, initially, LIBOR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate
pursuant to Section 2.17. 

Benchmark
Replacement shall mean, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined
by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 

(1)
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(2)
the sum of: (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

(3)
the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers as the replacement
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation
of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving
or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S.
dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 

provided
that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that
publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in their reasonable discretion. If the Benchmark
Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will
be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

3 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: 

(1)
for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth
in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value
or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended
by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for
the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and 

(b)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement
is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA
Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor;
and 

(2)
for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative
Agent and the Borrowers for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation
of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement
Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating
or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement
for U.S. dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities; 

provided
that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 

Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative
or operational changes (including, without limitation, changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of
 Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making
payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods,
the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative
Agent reasonably decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit
the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or determine that no market
practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative
Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

4 

Benchmark
Replacement Date shall mean the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(1)
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the
public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark
(or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2)
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication
of information referenced therein; or 

(3)
in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided
to the Borrowers and the Lenders. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier
than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior
to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred
in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth
therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation
thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current
Benchmark: 

(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component
used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the
administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for
such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will
cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that,
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available
Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(3)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component
thereof) are no longer representative. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark
if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor
of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

5 

Benchmark
Unavailability Period shall mean the period (if any) (i) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant
to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current
Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.17 and (ii) ending at the time that
a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance
with Section 2.17. 

Cash
Flow Projection has the meaning given to it in Section 5.01(l) hereof. 

Corresponding
Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor shall mean, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest
payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 

Daily
Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being
established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant
Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for syndicated business loans; provided, that if the Administrative
Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention
in their reasonable discretion. 

Early
Opt-in Election shall mean, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR Rate, the occurrence of: 

(i)
a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Borrowers or a notification by the Borrowers to the Administrative Agent that
at least five currently outstanding U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of
amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark
rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 

(ii)
the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers to trigger a fallback from LIBOR Rate and the provision, as applicable,
by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders of written notice of such joint election. 

Financial
Advisor has the meaning given to it in Section 5.25 hereof. 

Financial
Advisor Trigger Event means the occurrence of a Default under Section 5.21. 

Floor 
 shall mean 1.00 . 

Gulf
Coast Sale Transaction shall mean the sale of the Gulf Coast Vessel at any time after the Third Amendment Effective
Date. 

Gulf
Coast Vessel shall mean that 50,000 DWT class product/chemical tanker named OVERSEAS GULF COAST , IMO
No. 9862932, flagged under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands (Official No. 8598), registered on September 30, 2019. 

6 

ISDA
Definitions shall mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association,
Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest
rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 

NYFRB 
shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 

Reference
Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark shall mean (1) if such Benchmark is the LIBOR Rate,
11:00 a. m. (London time) on the day that is two London banking days preceding the date of such setting and (2) if such Benchmark
is not the LIBOR Rate, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in their reasonable discretion. 

Relevant
Governmental Body shall mean the Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or
the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 

SOFR 
shall mean, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business
Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8:00 a.m. (New York City time)
on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 

SOFR
Administrator shall mean the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 

SOFR
Administrator s Website shall mean the website of the NYFRB, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor
source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 

Term
SOFR shall mean, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term
rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 

Third
Amendment Effective Date means April 1, 2021. 

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

(c)
By adding the following proviso at the end of the definition of OBS Available Amount : 

provided,
however, during the Additional Reporting Period, the OBS Available Amount shall equal 0. 

(d)
By adding the following proviso at the end of the definition of OSG Available Amount : 

provided,
however, during the Additional Reporting Period, the OSG Available Amount shall equal 0. 

7 

3.2.
 Article II of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 2.17 to the end of said Article: 

Section
2.17 Effect of Benchmark Transition Event . 

(a)
 Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Term Loan Document, if a Benchmark
Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to
the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined
in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date,
such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Term Loan Document in respect
of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other
party to, this Agreement or any other Term Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause
(3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will
replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Term Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after
5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided
to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Term
Loan Document. 

(b)
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative
Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to
the contrary herein or in any other Term Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Term Loan Document. 

(c)
 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers of (i)
any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement
Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes,
(iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (iv) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion
of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant
to this Section 2.17 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence
of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive
and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to
this Agreement or any other Term Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.17 . 

(d)
 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Term Loan Document,
at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is
a term rate (including Term SOFR or the LIBOR Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or
other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in their reasonable
discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication
of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent
may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable
or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed
on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject
to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the
Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time
to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

8 

(e)
 Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrowers receipt of written notice of the commencement of a Benchmark
Unavailability Period, the Borrowers may revoke any request for any conversion to or continuation of any borrowing of LIBOR Rate
Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrowers will be deemed
to have converted any such request into a request for a conversion to a Base Rate Loan. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period
or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon
the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base
Rate. 

(f)
 Conflict . In the event the provisions of this Section 2.17 conflict with another paragraph of this Agreement, this
 Section 2.17 shall govern. 

3.3.
 Section 5.01(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the parenthetical in clause (i) of such Section
in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof: 

(which
opinion shall not be qualified as to scope or contain any going concern qualification (other than with respect to the audited
financial statements for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020) or other qualification or exemption) 

3.4.
 Section 5.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new clauses (l), (m) and (n) to the
end of said Section: 

(l) Thirteen
Week Cash Flow . By 5:00 PM (eastern standard time) on every other Tuesday during the Additional Reporting Period (commencing
with April 13, 2021), (i) an updated rolling thirteen-week cash flow projection for each of Holdings and the Borrowers and (ii)
a detailed reconciliation analysis of actual results compared to projected results for the prior two-week period (each a Cash
Flow Projection and Variance Report ). The Cash Flow Projection and Variance Reports shall (i) be in form and substance
reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and prepared in good faith and based upon assumptions that were reasonable at
the time such projections were delivered; (ii) include a description of (A) any non-renewal of any contracts the Borrowers are
party to, (B) the release of employment of any Vessel or Chartered Vessel, (C) any Vessels or Chartered Vessel entering into new
contracts (including information on such contracts), (D) any adjustments to an existing contract rate with respect to any Vessel
or Chartered Vessel (including terms of adjustment), (E) all Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents held the Borrowers as of the
last Business Day of the week, and (F) any other information that the Administrative Agent may reasonably request prior to delivery
of any such Cash Flow Projection and Variance Report; and (iii) include an updated schedule of all Chartered Vessels and Vessels
(including the status of such Vessel) owned by the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
S (and such schedule shall highlight any changes since the delivery of most recent schedule); and 

(m)
 Cash Reports . During the Additional Reporting Period and simultaneously with the delivery of each Cash Flow Projection
and Variance Report, a statement (specifying the balance of each applicable account) of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents
of the Borrowers in accounts that are subject to Deposit Account Control Agreements or Securities Account Control Agreements as
of the last Business Day of each of the prior two weeks and as of the last day of the calendar month (to the extent such two-week
period includes the end of a calendar month). 

9 

(n)
 Monthly Reports . As soon as available and in any event no later than the last day of the immediately subsequent calendar
month of each fiscal year of Holdings and its Subsidiaries during the Additional Reporting Period, (i) the unaudited consolidated
balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such calendar month and related consolidated statements of income,
cash flows and stockholders equity for such calendar month and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, accompanied by
a certificate of a Financial Officer of Holdings stating that such financial statements fairly present, in all material respects,
the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Holdings and its Subsidiaries as of the date and
for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and on a basis consistent with audited financial statements
referred to in clause (a)(i) of this Section 5.01, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes,
(ii) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries as of the end of such calendar month and
related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for such calendar month and for the then elapsed portion of the fiscal
year, accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Borrower Representative stating that such financial statements
fairly present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Borrowers
and their Subsidiaries as of the date and for the periods specified in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, and on a basis
consistent with the annual financial statements referred to in clause (iii) of Section 5.01(a), subject to normal year-end audit
adjustments and the absence of footnotes, and (iii) a report of monthly operational data inclusive of key performance indicators,
including, without limitation, vessel operating updates for days worked, spot activity and rates. 

3.5.
 Section 5.13 of the Loan Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word and at the end of clause
(i) of the second proviso thereof, (ii) adding the word and to the end of clause (ii) of such proviso, and (iii)
adding thereto the following new clause (iii) to read as follows: 

(iii) during
the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, the Collateral Agent and the Administrative Agent shall be permitted to conduct one
additional Vessel Appraisal in the aggregate (in addition to any Vessel Appraisal conducted pursuant to clause (i) of this proviso)
for each Collateral Vessel at the Borrowers cost and expense. 

3.6.
 Section 5.21(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting
the following in lieu thereof: 

(d) At
all times prior to the termination of the Additional Reporting Period, the Borrowers shall maintain directly (and not through
any Subsidiary or other party) in accounts subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or Securities Account Control Agreement,
as applicable, Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of not less than (i) before the consummation of the Gulf Coast Sale Transaction,
(A) 25,000,000 in the aggregate as of the last day of any month during such period and (B) 15,000,000 in the aggregate at any
other time during such period and (ii) on or after the consummation of the Gulf Coast Sale Transaction, (A) 30,000,000 in the
aggregate as of the last day of any month during such period and (B) 20,000,000 in the aggregate at any other time during such
period. At all times after the termination of the Additional Reporting Period, the Borrowers shall maintain directly (and not
through any Subsidiary or other party) in accounts subject to a Deposit Account Control Agreement or Securities Account Control
Agreement, as applicable, Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents of not less than 25,000,000 in the aggregate. 

10 

3.7.
 Section 5.21 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new clause (e) to the end of said Section: 

(e)
The covenants set forth in Sections 5.21(a), 5.21(b) and 5.21(c) above shall be suspended and of no force and effect during the
period beginning on January 1, 2021 and ending on the earlier of (i) the end of the Additional Reporting Period and (ii) January
1, 2022, and Holdings and the Borrowers shall instead comply with Section 5.21(d) and the following covenants for each quarter
ending during such period: Borrowers shall not permit Consolidated EBITDA for each of the fiscal quarters listed below to be less
than the amount set forth next to such fiscal quarter: 

The fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2021 
 0 
 
 The fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2021 
 2,000,000 
 
 T he fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2021 
 18,500,000 
 
 The fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021 
 23,000,000 

;
provided, however, if the Consolidated EBITDA for the Borrowers is less than 8,000,000 for the fiscal quarter ending June 30,
2021, then, at the request of the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall hold a conference call (the cost of which conference
call is to be paid by the Borrowers) with representatives of the Administrative Agent and all Lenders who choose to participate
in such conference call, to be held at such time as reasonably agreed by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, and at which
conference call shall be discussed a strategic business review and planning session. 

For
fiscal quarters ending after the earlier of (i) the end of the Additional Reporting Period and (ii) January 1, 2022, the financial
covenants set forth in Sections 5.21(a), 5.21(b) and 5.21(c) shall be deemed reinstated and Holdings and the Borrowers shall comply
therewith and with Section 5.21(d); provided, however , with respect to the calculation of the financial covenants set forth
in Sections 5.21(a), 5.21(b), and 5.21(c) and for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2022 only, such financial covenants shall
be calculated on an annualized basis using only the three preceding fiscal quarters. 

3.8.
 Article V of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new Section 5.24 to the end of said Article: 

Section
5.24 Monthly Calls . No later than the fifth (5) Business Day after which financial statements are required to be delivered
pursuant to Section 5.01(n) (or such later date selected by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion), Holdings and the
Borrowers shall cause their chief executive officer and/or chief financial officer to make themselves available during normal
business hours for a telephonic meeting with Administrative Agent and Lenders to provide the Administrative Agent and Lenders
with summary information regarding the Loan Parties business results, and the opportunity for the Administrative Agent,
its advisors, as well as the Lenders to ask and have answered any questions regarding the Borrowers and/or its financial condition. 

11 

3.9.
 Section 6.01(m) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting
the following in lieu thereof: 

Other
than during the Additional Reporting Period, other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount for all Borrowers not to exceed
 50,000,000 at any time outstanding, of which up to (but not more than) 30,000,000 may be secured to the extent permitted by
 Section 6.02(w) ; 

3.10.
 Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower, Holdings, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings
incur, create or assume, directly or indirectly, any additional Indebtedness in an amount greater (in the aggregate among any
Borrower, Holdings, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings) than 5,000,000. 

3.11.
 Section 6.02(s) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following language after the first parenthetical
in said Section: during the Additional Reporting Period in connection with Indebtedness incurred by any Borrower pursuant
to Section 6.01(p) . 

3.12.
 Clause (ii) of Section 6.02(w) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

(ii)
do not secure obligations in excess of: (A) 10,000,000 during the Additional Reporting Period; and (B) 30,000,000 during all
other times. 

3.13.
 Section 6.02 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower create, incur, assume, directly or indirectly,
any additional Lien pursuant to clause (m) above. 

3.14.
 Section 6.03 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower enter into any Sale and Leaseback Transaction. 

3.15.
 Section 6.04 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower create, incur, assume, directly or indirectly,
any additional Investment pursuant to clause (e), (h), (n), (o), (p) or (r) above. 

3.16.
 Section 6.05 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower, Holdings, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings
enter into, directly or indirectly, any additional Permitted Acquisition pursuant to clause (c) above. 

12 

3.17.
 Section 6.06(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting
the following in lieu thereof: 

(b) disposition
of any Term Loan Priority Collateral Vessel or ABL Priority Collateral Vessel so long as (i) for any such disposition during the
Additional Reporting Period, the Required Lenders have consented to such disposition and (ii) the proceeds thereof are applied
in accordance with Section 2.09 ; 

3.18.
 Section 6.06 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower, Holdings, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings
directly or indirectly effect any disposition of any property, or agree to effect any disposition of any property pursuant to
(k) above. 

3.19.
 Section 6.07 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower, Holdings, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings
purchase or otherwise acquire (in one or a series of related transactions) any part of the property (whether tangible or intangible)
of any person (or agree to do any of the foregoing) pursuant to clause (b) (other than in the ordinary course of business or as
necessary for maintenance and regulatory compliance) or (f) above; provided , however , that during the Additional
Reporting Period, the Borrowers shall not incur Capital Expenditures in excess of 40,000,000. Notwithstanding anything herein
to the contrary, neither any Borrower, Holdings, nor any other Subsidiary of Holdings shall incur Capital Expenditures relating
to the growth or expansion of existing operations of Holdings, any Borrower, or any other Subsidiary of Holdings without the written
consent of the Required Lenders. 

3.20.
 Section 6.08 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraph to the end of said Section: 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower or Holdings authorize, declare or pay, directly
or indirectly, any additional Restricted Payment pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) (except pursuant to the Cost Sharing
Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the Additional Reporting Period, in no event shall any Borrower or Holdings
authorize, declare or pay, directly or indirectly, any additional Restricted Payments pursuant to clause (f) in an aggregate amount
(for all such payments) greater than 3,000,000. During the Additional Report Period, the Cost Sharing Agreement (as defined in
 Schedule 5.15 shall not be amended or otherwise modified. 

3.21.
 Section 6.09(b) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following parenthetical immediately after the
term management agreements : (provided that during the Additional Reporting Period, any such additional management
agreements must be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) . 

3.22.
 Section 6.10 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting the
following in lieu thereof: 

Section
6.10 Operating Leases . Allow the Borrowers to enter into operating leases or charters (exclusive of the Aker-Chartered
Vessels (as such term is defined in the Security Agreement)) for which the annual operating rents or charter hire exceeds (i)
 25,000,000 during the Additional Reporting Period or (ii) 50,000,000 in any given year thereafter. 

13 

3.23.
 Section 6.11(a) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting
the following in lieu thereof: 

(a) at
any time during the Additional Reporting Period or any other time without the consent of the Required Lenders, make or offer to
make (or give any notice in respect thereof) any voluntary or optional payment or prepayment on or redemption, retirement, defeasance,
or acquisition for value of, or any prepayment, repurchase or redemption, retirement, defeasance as a result of any asset sale,
change in control or similar event of, any Subordinated Indebtedness; 

3.24.
 Section 8.01(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting such Section in its entirety and substituting
the following in lieu thereof: 

(d) default
shall be made in the due observance or performance by any Loan Party of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section
5.01 , Section 5.02(a) , Section 5.03(a) (as it relates to a Loan Party), Section 5.04 , Section 5.08 ,
 Section 5.10 , Section 5.13 , Section 5.14 , Section 5.15 (solely with respect to the tasks set forth
in items 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 in Schedule 5.15 ), Section 5.16 , Section 5.19 , Section
5.20 , Section 5.21 , Section 5.22 , Section 5.24 , or in Article VI ; 

3.25.
 The address for the Administrative Agent set forth in Section 11.01(a)(ii) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended
and restated in its entirety with the following: 

PGIM,
Inc. 

 c/o
Prudential Private Capital 

 2200
Ross Avenue 

 Suite
4300 West 

 Dallas,
TX 75201 

 Attn:
Managing Director 

And 

Attention:
Vice President and Corporate Counsel 

3.26.
 Schedule 5.15 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following new paragraphs to the end of said Schedule: 

3. Within
thirty (30) days following the Third Amendment Effective Date, Holdings shall provide the Administrative Agent with an executed
pledge agreement (in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) pledging 100 of the outstanding equity interests
of OSG Financial Corp. and OSG Alaska LLC and shall deliver to the Administrative Agent any certificates representing such equity
interests. 

4.
Within thirty (30) days following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have taken all steps necessary to enter
an assignment of time charter agreement between Overseas Tampa LLC and Overseas ST Holdings LLC pursuant to which Overseas ST
Holdings LLC will assume an existing time charter with Shell Trading (U.S.) Company or an affiliate thereof to employ the Vessel
Overseas Chinook. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers obligations under this paragraph 4 shall be subject to the
execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date that the assignment referenced in clause (a) is executed
of a quiet enjoyment agreement in favor of Shell Trading (U.S.) Company or an affiliate thereof in the form to be provided by
Shell Trading (U.S.) Company to the Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative agent (the Quiet
Enjoyment Agreement ). The Required Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into the Quiet Enjoyment
Agreement. 

14 

5.
Within sixty (60) days following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have entered into a written agreement
(in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and consistent with past practices) with respect to
the formal cost sharing arrangement set forth in Schedule 6.09(e) (the Cost Sharing Agreement ). 

6.
Within thirty (30) days following the Third Amendment Effective Date, the Borrowers shall deliver a fully-executed Securities
Account Control Agreement (in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent) in favor of the Collateral Agent
with respect to OBS s Securities Account with J.P. Morgan with an account number ending in 421. 

3.27.
 The Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding a new Exhibit S , in appropriate order, in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit S . 

3.28.
 Annex I of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to the following: 

c/o
Prudential Capital Group 

 3350
Riverwood Parkway SE 

 Suite
1500 

 Atlanta,
GA 30339 

Attention:
Managing Director 

 cc:
Vice President and Corporate Counsel 

and
replacing in its entirety with the following: 

c/o
Prudential Private Capital 

 2200
Ross Avenue 

 Suite
4300 West 

 Dallas,
TX 75201 

Attention:
Managing Director 

 cc:
Vice President and Corporate Counsel 

4.
Limited Waiver. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment, Administrative Agent and the Lenders signatory hereto
waive: (a) the Events of Default that have occurred under Section 8.01(d) of the Credit Agreement as a result of the Borrowers permitting
their Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents to be less than 25,000,000 on or prior to the date hereof in breach of Section 5.21(d)
of the Credit Agreement; and (b) the Event of Default arising due to the Loan Parties failure to timely provide the annual reports,
other financial statements and opinions required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) with respect to the fiscal year ended December
31, 2020; provided, however that the foregoing waiver shall be void and of no force and effect if the Loan Parties fail to deliver all
items required under Section 5.1(a) and (c) of the Credit Agreement with respect to the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, on or before
April 1, 2021. The foregoing waiver is limited to its terms and shall not directly or indirectly: (i) constitute or
create a course of dealing, (ii) except as expressly set forth above, constitute a consent to or waiver of any past, present or
future Default or Event of Default or other violation of any provisions of the Credit Agreement or any other Term Loan Documents,
or (iii) amend, modify or operate as a waiver of any provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Term Loan Documents or any
right, power, privilege or remedy of Administrative Agent or any one or more of the Lenders thereunder. 

15 

5.
Most Favored Nations Provision. In the event that Holdings or any Subsidiary of Holdings (including any Borrower) shall (at
any time, either prior to or after the date hereof) modify (or is otherwise currently party to) any existing agreement, instrument
or document creating, securing or evidencing any Indebtedness with a principal amount in excess of 5,000,000 and such agreement
contains one or more additional financial covenants (including, without limitation, financial reporting covenant) or additional
defaults related thereto not contained in the Credit Agreement, or more favorable financial covenants (including, without limitation,
financial reporting covenants) or events of default related thereto, the terms of the Credit Agreement shall, without any further
action on the part of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Lenders, be deemed to be amended
automatically to include each such additional financial covenants and additional defaults related thereto or more favorable financial
covenant or event of default related thereto contained in such agreement, instrument or document; provided , however ,
that if subsequent thereto, the parties to any such agreements, instruments or documents agree to remove, loosen or make less
restrictive any such financial covenants or events of default, then the terms of the Credit Agreement shall, without any further
action on the part of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Lenders and so long as such new
terms are no less favorable to the Lenders than those which exist on the date hereof, shall be deemed to be similarly amended.
In the event that the lenders under any such agreements, instruments or documents receive any compensation for such removal, loosening
or making less restrictive such additional financial covenants or events of default, the Lenders shall be entitled to receive
compensation (including, without limitation, an increase in any interest rate or the payment of any fees) in equivalent proportion
thereto. The Loan Parties further covenant to promptly execute and deliver at the Borrowers cost and expense (including
the fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent s counsel) an amendment to the Credit Agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders evidencing the amendment of the Credit Agreement to include
such additional financial covenants and additional defaults related thereto, or more favorable financial covenants or events of
default related thereto, provided that the execution and delivery of such amendment shall not be a precondition to the effectiveness
of such amendment as provided for in this Section 4, but shall merely be for the convenience of the parties hereto. Holdings shall
promptly inform the Lenders and the Administrative Agent in writing of any deferral, waiver, modification or amendment entered
into during the Additional Reporting Period with respect to any agreement, instrument or document relating to any debt in excess
of 5,000,000 of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries with any lenders under any such agreement, instrument or document. 

6.
Representations and Warranties of Borrowers. The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant to the Lenders
that (i) the execution of this Amendment by each of the Loan Parties has been duly authorized by all requisite action on the part
of each such Loan Party, (ii) no consents are necessary from any third parties for the Loan Parties execution, delivery
or performance of this Amendment, or, if such consents are necessary, the Loan Parties have delivered the same to the Administrative
Agent, (iii) this Amendment, the Credit Agreement, and each of the other Term Loan Documents, constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligations of the Loan Parties enforceable against them, jointly and severally, in accordance with their terms, except
to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws affecting the
enforceability of creditors rights generally or by equity principles of general application, and (iv) no Default or Event of Default
has occurred under the Credit Agreement or any of the other Term Loan Documents. 

7.
Reaffirmation. The Loan Parties hereby jointly and severally represent, warrant, acknowledge and confirm that (i) except as
specifically modified by the terms of this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and the other Term Loan Documents remain in full force
and effect and unmodified, (ii) the Loan Parties have no defenses to their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement and
the other Term Loan Documents, and such obligations are due and owing to the Lenders without setoff or counterclaim, (iii) the
Liens granted to the Collateral Agent and the Mortgage Trustee under the Term Loan Documents secure all the Loan Parties 
Obligations thereunder, are reaffirmed in all respects, continue in full force and effect, have the same priority as before this
Amendment, and are not impaired or extinguished in any respect by this Amendment, and (iv) the Loan Parties have no claims against
the Lenders or any Agent arising from or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the other Term Loan Documents and any such
claim is hereby irrevocably waived and released and discharged forever. Until the Obligations under the Term Loan Documents are
indefeasibly paid in full in cash and all obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties under this Amendment and the other Term
Loan Documents are performed and paid in full in cash, the Loan Parties agree and covenant that they are bound by the covenants
and agreements set forth in the Credit Agreement, Term Loan Documents and in this Amendment. The Loan Parties hereby ratify and
confirm the Obligations under the Term Loan Documents. This Amendment does not create or constitute, and is not, a novation of
the Credit Agreement and the other Term Loan Documents. 

16 

8.
RELEASE. AS A MATERIAL PART OF THE CONSIDERATION FOR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE LENDERS ENTERING INTO THIS AMENDMENT, THE
BORROWERS, FOR THEMSELVES AND THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS (COLLECTIVELY RELEASOR HEREBY
FOREVER RELEASE, FOREVER WAIVE AND FOREVER DISCHARGE THE AGENTS AND THE LENDERS WHO FROM TIME TO TIME BECOME LENDERS UNDER THE
CREDIT AGREEMENT, THE AGENTS, AND THE LENDERS, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, OFFICERS, MANAGERS, DIRECTORS,
SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, ATTORNEYS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARENT CORPORATIONS, SUBSIDIARIES, AND AFFILIATES (HEREINAFTER ALL
OF THE ABOVE COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS LENDER GROUP ), JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS,
DEMANDS, DAMAGES, DEBTS, AGREEMENTS, COVENANTS, SUITS, CONTRACTS, OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES, ACCOUNTS, OFFSETS, RIGHTS, ACTIONS,
AND CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION FOR CONTRIBUTION
AND INDEMNITY, WHETHER ARISING AT LAW OR IN EQUITY, AND WHETHER ARISING UNDER, ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH, OR ARISING FROM, THE
CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND THE OTHER TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS OR OTHERWISE, PRESENTLY POSSESSED, WHETHER KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, WHETHER LIABILITY
BE DIRECT OR INDIRECT, LIQUIDATED OR UNLIQUIDATED, PRESENTLY ACCRUED, WHETHER ABSOLUTE OR CONTINGENT, FORESEEN OR UNFORESEEN,
AND WHETHER OR NOT HERETOFORE ASSERTED, WHICH RELEASOR MAY HAVE OR CLAIM TO, HAVE AGAINST ANY OF THE LENDER GROUP. 

9.
Governing Law. This Amendment shall be a contract made under and governed by the internal laws of the State of New York applicable
to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State, without regard to conflict of laws principles. 

10.
Section Titles. The Section titles in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and shall not be construed so as
to modify any provisions of this Amendment. 

11.
Fees and Expenses. The Borrowers shall promptly pay to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent all fees, expenses and other
amounts owing to the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement and the other Term Loan Documents upon demand,
including, without limitation, all fees, costs and expenses incurred by the Lenders and/or the Administrative Agent in connection
with the preparation, negotiation, execution, and delivery of this Amendment. 

12.
Counterparts; Facsimile Transmissions. This Amendment may be executed in one or more counterparts and on separate counterparts,
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Signatures
to this Amendment may be given by facsimile or other electronic transmission, and such signatures shall be fully binding on the
party sending the same. 

17 

13.
Incorporation By Reference. The Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers hereby agree that all of the terms of
the Term Loan Documents are incorporated in and made a part of this Amendment by this reference. This Amendment is a Term Loan
Document. 

14.
Notice Oral Commitments Not Enforceable. Nothing contained in the following notice shall be deemed to limit or modify
the terms of this Amendment and the other Term Loan Documents: 

ORAL
AGREEMENTS OR COMMITMENTS TO LOAN MONEY, EXTEND CREDIT OR TO FORBEAR FROM ENFORCING REPAYMENT OF A DEBT INCLUDING PROMISES TO
EXTEND OR RENEW SUCH DEBT ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL THEORY UPON WHICH IT IS BASED AND THAT IS IN ANY WAY RELATE
TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT AND THE TERM LOAN DOCUMENTS. TO PROTECT THE LOAN PARTIES AND THE LENDERS (CREDITOR) FROM MISUNDERSTANDING
OR DISAPPOINTMENT, ANY AGREEMENTS THE LOAN PARTIES AND THE LENDERS REACH COVERING SUCH MATTERS ARE CONTAINED IN THIS WRITING,
WHICH IS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US, EXCEPT AS WE MAY LATER AGREE IN WRITING TO MODIFY IT. 

The
Loan Parties acknowledge that there are no other agreements between or among the Lenders, the Agents, and the Loan Parties, oral
or written, concerning the subject matter of the Term Loan Documents, and that all prior agreements concerning the same subject
matter, including any proposal or commitment letter, are merged into the Term Loan Documents and thereby extinguished. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the date first above written. 

OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING 

GROUP, INC., 

 as Guarantor 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

OSG BULK SHIPS, INC. 

OSG AMERICA LLC 

OSG AMERICA OPERATING COMPANY LLC 

OSG SHIP MANAGEMENT, INC. 

MARITRANS GENERAL PARTNER INC. 

as Borrowers 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

OSG 244 LLC 

OSG COURAGEOUS LLC 

OSG DELAWARE BAY LIGHTERING LLC 

OSG ENDURANCE LLC 

OVERSEAS ST HOLDING LLC 

OVERSEAS ANACORTES LLC 

OVERSEAS BOSTON LLC 

OVERSEAS HOUSTON LLC 

OVERSEAS LONG BEACH LLC 

OVERSEAS LOS ANGELES LLC 

OVERSEAS MARTINEZ LLC 

OVERSEAS NEW YORK LLC 

OVERSEAS NIKISKI LLC 

OVERSEAS TAMPA LLC 

OVERSEAS TEXAS CITY LLC 

OSG COLUMBIA LLC 

OSG PRODUCT TANKERS, LLC 

as Borrowers 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Authorized
 Signatory 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

MARITRANS OPERATING COMPANY L.P., 

as Borrower 

By: 
 Maritrans
 General Partner Inc. 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

OSG AMERICA L.P., 

as Borrower 

By: 
 OSG America LLC, 

its
 General Partner 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

OSG
 PRODUCT TANKERS II, LLC 

OSG
 PRODUCT TANKERS I, LLC, 

as
 Borrowers 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Management
 Committee Representative 

OSG PRODUCT TANKERS MEMBER LLC 

OSG PRODUCT TANKERS AVTC, LLC 

OSG MARITRANS PARENT LLC, 

as Borrowers 

By: 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Manager 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

PGIM,
 INC., 

as
 Administrative Agent 

By: 

Vice President 

THE
 PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA, as Lender 

By: 

Vice
 President 

GIBRALTAR
 UNIVERSAL LIFE REINSURANCE COMPANY, as Lender 

By: 
 PGIM,
 Inc., as investment manager 

By: 

Vice
 President 

PICA
 HARTFORD LIFE ANNUITY COMFORT 
 TRUST,
 as Lender 

By: 
 The Prudential Insurance Company of America,
as Grantor 

By: 

Vice
 President 

PICA
 HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE COMFORT 
 TRUST,
 as Lender 

By: 
 The
 Prudential Insurance Company of America, as Grantor 

By: 

Vice
 President 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

PRUCO
 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, as Lender 

By:
 PGIM, Inc., as investment manager 

By: 

Vice
 President 

PRUDENTIAL
 RETIREMENT INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY, as Lender 

By: 
 PGIM,
 Inc., as investment manager 

By: 

Vice
 President 

PRUDENTIAL
 UNIVERSAL REINSURANCE COMPANY, as Lender 

By: 
 PGIM,
 Inc., as investment manager 

By: 

Vice
 President 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

as Lender 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature
Page to Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement 

Exhibit
S 

Form
of Vessel Variance Report 

[NTD:
OSG TO PROVIDE] 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-21>
 3
 ex21.htm

Exhibit
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF OVERSEAS SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. 

The
following table lists all subsidiaries of OSG and all companies in which the registrant directly or indirectly owns at least a
49 interest, except for certain companies and subsidiaries which, if considered in the aggregate as a single entity, would not
constitute a significant entity. 

Company 
 
 Where
 Incorporated, 
 Organized
 or Domiciled 
 
 Akun Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alaska Tanker Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Kiska Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Maritrans General Partner Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Maritrans Operating Company L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Mykonos Tanker LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 204 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 205 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 209 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 242 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 243 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG 244 LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Alaska LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG America L.P. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG America LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG America Operating Company LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Bulk Ships, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 OSG Columbia LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Courageous II LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Courageous LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Delaware Bay Lightering LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Endurance LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Financial Corp. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Honour LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Independence LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Maritrans Parent LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Product Tankers AVTC, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Product Tankers I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Company 
 
 Where
 Incorporated, 
 Organized
 or Domiciled 
 
 OSG Product Tankers II, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Product Tankers Member LLC 
 
 Delaware 

OSG Product Tankers, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 OSG Ship Management, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas Anacortes LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas Boston LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Gulf Coast LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Houston LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Key West LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Long Beach LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Los Angeles LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 Martinez LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas
 New York LLC 

Delaware 
 
 Overseas Nikiski LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas ST Holding LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas Sun Coast LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas Tampa LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Overseas Texas City LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Santorini Tanker LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Tagalak Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Unimak Island LLC 
 
 Delaware 

OSG filed Certificates of Cancellation for these six (6) entities with the state of Delaware for dissolution. We are waiting for
confirmation. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
have issued our reports dated April 1, 2021, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control
over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2020. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Overseas Shipholding
Group, Inc. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-213035) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-208736, File No. 333-218554, File No. 333-237228,
and File No. 333-238158). 

/s/
GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Tampa,
Florida 

 April
1, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 ex23-2.htm

EXHIBIT 23.2 

Consent of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration
Statements: 

(1) 
 Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-208736, 333-218554, 333-237228 and 333-238158) of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc., and 

(2) 
 Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-213035) of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.; 

of our report dated March 13, 2020,
with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form
10-K) of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

/s/
ERNST YOUNG LLP 

 Tampa, Florida 

 April 1, 2021 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I,
Samuel H. Norton, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
 a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April
1, 2021 
 /s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 

Samuel
 H. Norton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), AS AMENDED 

I,
Richard Trueblood, certify that: 

1 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc.; 

2 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5 
 The
 Registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 April
1, 2021 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 8
 ex32.htm

EXHIBIT
32 

OVERSEAS
SHIPHOLDING GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

Each
of the undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. (the Company ),
hereby certifies, to the best of his knowledge and belief, that the Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December
31, 2020 (the Periodic Report accompanying this certification fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and that the information contained in the Periodic Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This certification
is provided solely for purposes of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended
to be used for any other purpose. 

Date:
 April
1, 2021 
 /s/
 SAMUEL H. NORTON 

Samuel
 H. Norton 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date:
 April
1, 2021 
 /s/
 RICHARD TRUEBLOOD 

Richard
 Trueblood 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 osg-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 osg-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 osg-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 osg-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

