<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210401_10-K_edgar_data_890821_0001493152-21-007757.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5239466</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>747308</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>236950</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2071084</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1229128</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>774226</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>29</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-007757.hdr.sgml : 20210401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210401171733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-007757
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210401

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enveric Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000890821
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		IRS NUMBER:				954484725
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38286
		FILM NUMBER:		21799214

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4851 TAMIAMI TRAIL N, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		239-302-1707

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4851 TAMIAMI TRAIL N, SUITE 200
		CITY:			NAPLES
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERI Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150527

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPATIALIZER AUDIO LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950323

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-007757.txt : 20210401

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

Form
10 K 

 (Mark
One) 

[X] 
 ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: December 31, 2020 

OR 

[ ] 
 TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934. 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
File Number 001-38286 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware 
 
 95-4484725 
 
 (State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

4851
 Tamiami Trail N, Suite 200 
 Naples,
 FL 
 
 34103 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(239)
302-1707 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common
 Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 
 ENVB 
 
 The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
 
 AMRHW 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered under section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of class 
 
 Series B Preferred
 Stock 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ]
No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer [ ] 
 Accelerated
 filer [ ] 
 
 Non-accelerated
 filer [X] 
 Smaller
 reporting company [X] 
 
 Emerging
 growth company [ ] 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

As
of June 30, 2020, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter; the aggregate market value of
the registrant s common stock held by non affiliates of the registrant, based on a closing price of 6.20 per share, was
approximately 7,045,916. 

As
of March 29, 2021, the registrant had outstanding 19,450,507 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 22 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 39 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer s Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 40 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 49 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 50 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 60 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 60 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 67 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 68 
 
 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 
 68 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 70 

2 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

This
report is the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 of Enveric Biosciences, Inc., which was formerly
known as AMERI Holdings, Inc., prior to the completion on December 30, 2020 of the tender offer described below. 

On
December 30, 2020, pursuant to the previously announced Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement
dated August 12, 2020, as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation
Agreement dated December 18, 2020 (as amended, the Tender Agreement ), by and among us, Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Jay Pharma ), and certain other signatories thereto, we
completed a tender offer (the Offer to purchase all of the outstanding common shares of Jay. Following the effective
time of the Offer, we changed the name of our company from AMERI Holdings, Inc. to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. and effected a 1-for-4
reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock. Immediately following completion of the Offer and the transactions
contemplated in the Tender Agreement, but without giving effect to the issuance of the Series B Warrants (as defined below), (i)
the former Jay Pharma equity holders (including certain investors in private placements that closed prior to the completion of
the Offer) owned approximately 82.3 of the Company; (ii) former Ameri equity holders owned approximately 14.5 of the Company;
and (iii) a financial advisor to Jay Pharma and Ameri owned approximately 3.2 of the Company. 

The
common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market, previously trading through the close of business on December 30, 2020 under the ticker symbol
 AMRH, commenced trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market, on a post-reverse stock split adjusted basis, under the ticker symbol
 ENVB on December 31, 2020. 

Closing
of Spin-Off 

As
previously reported, on January 10, 2020, Ameri and Ameri100 Inc. Private Ameri entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
(the Ameri Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Ameri agreed to contribute, transfer and convey to Private Ameri
all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the existing subsidiaries of Ameri, constituting the entire business and operations
of Ameri and its subsidiaries, and wherein Private Ameri agreed to assume the liabilities of such subsidiaries (the Spin-Off ). 

On
December 30, 2020, pursuant to the Ameri Share Purchase Agreement, Ameri consummated the Spin-Off and all of the issued and outstanding
shares of Series A preferred stock of Ameri (the Series A Preferred Stock were redeemed for an equal number of shares
of Series A preferred stock of Private Ameri Private Ameri Preferred Stock ). Ameri contributed, transferred and conveyed
to Private Ameri all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the existing subsidiaries of Ameri, constituting the entire business
and operations of Ameri and its subsidiaries, and Private Ameri assumed the liabilities of such subsidiaries. 

Reverse
Stock Split 

Effective
as of 4:02 pm Eastern Time on December 30, 2020, we filed an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to effect a reverse stock split of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock, at a ratio of one share for four shares.
The net result of the reverse stock split was a 1-for-4 reverse stock split. We made proportionate adjustments to the per share
exercise price and/or the number of shares issuable upon the exercise or vesting of all stock options, restricted stock units
(if any) and warrants outstanding as of the effective times of the reverse stock split in accordance with the terms of each security
based on the split ratio. Also, we reduced the number of shares reserved for issuance under our equity compensation plans proportionately
based on the split ratios. Except for adjustments that resulted from the rounding up of fractional shares to the next whole share,
the reverse stock split affected all stockholders uniformly and did not change any stockholder s percentage ownership interest
in our Company. All share and related option and warrant information presented in this annual report have been retroactively
adjusted to reflect the reduced number of shares outstanding and the increase in share price which resulted from these actions;
however, common stock share and per share amounts in certain of the documents incorporated by reference herein have not been adjusted
to give effect to the reverse stock split. 

3 

Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

In
connection with the Tender Agreement, we filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and adopted amended and restated
bylaws on December 30, 2020. For additional information regarding our organizational documents, please refer to our Current Report on
Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2021. 

Delisting
of Ameri Warrants 

On
December 30, 2020, we received a written notice (the Notice from Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC Nasdaq indicating that our listed warrants (the AMRHW Warrants would be suspended from listing
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. A Form 25-NSE was filed with the SEC on December 30, 2020, which removed the AMRHW Warrants from listing
and registration on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

The
terms of the AMRHW Warrants are not affected by the delisting, and the AMRHW Warrants may still be exercised in accordance with their
terms to purchase common stock of the Company. 

The
listing of the common stock, which is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ENVB, is not affected by the delisting of
the AMRHW Warrants. 

4 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS ; 

 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the documents that we incorporate by reference herein, contains forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical
facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but are not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as anticipate, 
 believe, contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, 
 should, target, will, would, and similar expressions, or the negative of these
terms, or similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions and uncertainties which could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the factors discussed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular those factors referenced in the section entitled
 Risk Factors. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on
information currently available to our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by these forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking
statements, including, among other things: 

our
 dependence on the success of our prospective product candidates, which are in early stages
 of development and may not reach a particular stage in development, receive regulatory
 approval or be successfully commercialized; 

potential difficulties that may delay, suspend,
 or scale back our efforts to advance additional early research programs through preclinical development and IND application
 filings and into clinical development 

the impact of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
 on our business, including our current plans for product development, as well as any currently ongoing preclinical studies
 and clinical trials and any future studies or other development or commercialization activities; 

the risk that we may not obtain the requisite
 votes at our special meeting to ratify our reverse stock split; 

the
 limited study on the effects of medical cannabinoids, and the chance that future clinical
 research studies may lead to conclusions that dispute or conflict with our understanding
 and belief regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing, and social
 acceptance of cannabinoids; 

the
 expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain nature of clinical trials, which are susceptible
 to change, delays, termination, and differing interpretations; 

the ability to establish that potential products
 are efficacious or safe in preclinical or clinical trials; 

the fact that our current and future preclinical
 and clinical studies may be conducted outside the United States, and the United States Food and Drug Administration may not
 accept data from such studies to support any new drug applications we may submit after completing the applicable developmental
 and regulatory prerequisites; 

the
 ability to establish or maintain collaborations on the development of therapeutic candidates; 

the
 ability to obtain appropriate or necessary governmental approvals to market potential products; 

our ability to manufacture product candidates
 on a commercial scale or in collaborations with third parties; 

our significant and increasing liquidity needs
 and potential requirements for additional funding; 

our
 ability to obtain future funding for developmental products
 and working capital and to obtain such funding on commercially reasonable terms; 

the
 intense competition we face, often from companies with greater resources and experience
 than us; 

our
 ability to retain key executives and scientists; 

The ability to secure and enforce legal rights
 related to our products, including intellectual property rights and patent protection; and 

other
 factors described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We
have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents we incorporate
by reference herein and, particularly in the Risk Factors sections of these documents, that we believe could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect
the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. No forward-looking
statement is a guarantee of future performance. 

You
should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we incorporate by reference herein completely and with the understanding
that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and the documents we incorporate by reference herein represent our views as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. However, while we may elect to update these forward-looking
statements at some point in the future, we have no current intention of doing so except to the extent required by applicable law. You
should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

5 

PART
I 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, Enveric, we, 
 us, our and similar terms refer to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We were previously known
as AMERI Holdings, Inc. Ameri ). Following the completion of our offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares
of Jay Pharma, Inc. on December 30, 2020, we changed the name of our company from AMERI Holdings, Inc. to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. For
more detail on the transaction with Jay Pharma, Inc. and related transactions, see the section titled Explanatory Note 
above. 

Item
1. Business 

Company
Information 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in February 1994 as Spatializer Audio Laboratories, Inc., which was a shell
company immediately prior to the completion of a reverse merger transaction on May 26, 2015, whereby Ameri100 Acquisition,
Inc., a Delaware corporation and newly created, wholly owned subsidiary, was merged with and into Ameri and Partners Inc. Ameri
and Partners ), a Delaware corporation (the 2015 Merger ). As a result of the 2015 Merger, Ameri and Partners became
Ameri s wholly owned subsidiary with Ameri and Partners former stockholders acquiring a majority of the outstanding shares
of Ameri common stock. The 2015 Merger was consummated under Delaware law pursuant to an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization,
dated as of May 26, 2015 (the 2015 Merger Agreement ), and in connection with the 2015 Merger, Ameri changed its name to
AMERI Holdings, Inc. Ameri did business under the brand name Ameri100 . Ameri, along with its eleven operating subsidiaries,
provided SAP cloud, digital and enterprise services to clients worldwide. 

The
Ameri business ceased to be part of the Company on December 30, 2020, pursuant to the Spin-Off. On December 30, 2020, we completed the
Offer and changed our name to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. Our principal corporate office is located at Enveric Biosciences,
Inc., 4851 Tamiami Trail N, Suite 200, telephone (239) 302-1707. Our internet address is https://www.enveric.com/, and the information
included in, or linked to our website is not part of this prospectus. We have included our website address in this prospectus solely
as a textual reference. 

Business
Overview 

We
are an early-development-stage biosciences company with an initial focus on developing innovative, evidence-based prescription
products and combination therapies containing cannabinoids to address unmet needs in cancer care. We seek to improve the lives
of patients suffering from cancer, initially by developing palliative and supportive care products for people suffering from certain
side effects of cancer and cancer treatment such as pain or skin irritation. We currently intend to offer such palliative and
supportive care products in the United States, following approval through established regulatory pathways. 

We
are also aiming to advance a pipeline of novel cannabinoid combination therapies for hard-to-treat cancers, including glioblastoma multiforme
(GBM) and several other indications which are currently being researched. 

We
intend to bring together leading oncology clinicians, researchers, academic and industry partners so as to develop both external proprietary
products and a robust internal pipeline of product candidates aimed at improving quality of life and outcomes for cancer patients. We
intend to evaluate options to out-license its proprietary technology as it moves along the regulatory pathway and evaluates the building
of a small, targeted selling organization and will potentially utilize a hybrid approach based on the product indication and the market
opportunity. 

In
developing our product candidates, we intend to focus on cannabinoids derived from hemp, other botanical sources, and synthetic materials
containing no tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in order to comply with U.S. federal regulations. Of the potential cannabinoids to be used in
therapeutic formulations, THC, which is responsible for the psychoactive properties of marijuana, can result in undesirable mood effects.
Cannabidiol (CBD) and cannabigerol (CBG), on the other hand, are not psychotropic and are therefore more attractive candidates for translation
into therapeutic practice. In the future, we may utilize cannabinoids that are derived from cannabis plants, which may contain THC; however,
we only intend to do so in jurisdictions where THC is legal. These product candidates will then be studied through a typical Food and
Drug Administration FDA drug approval process. 

Strengths 

We
believe that we offer the following key distinguishing characteristics: 

Unique
 Dedication to Prescription Cancer Supportive Care . We believe that we are one of the only companies currently developing evidence-based
 prescription-only therapies containing cannabinoids that are exclusively focused on the unique unmet needs of cancer patients. We
 intend to develop such therapies by conforming its product candidates to GMP and obtaining FDA approval for such product candidates. 

6 

Patient-Centric
 Product Development . We are focusing on a patient-centric approach to our product development that will uniquely position us
 to meet the needs of oncology patients. 

First
 Mover Advantage . We believe we are among the first companies working towards creating a leading brand utilizing cannabinoids
 in oncology supportive care. We seek to build upon our first mover advantage and expertise in cannabinoid research to accelerate
 the discovery, development, and commercialization of therapies for persons affected by cancer that are safe, effective, and trusted
 by patients and physicians globally. 

Collaboration
 with Global Research Partner . We enjoy an exclusive license with our global cannabinoid research partner, Tikun Olam. We hold
 exclusive global rights to Tikun Olam s proprietary treatment database and cannabinoid derivatives for the development of oncology-focused
 pharmaceutical products. We intend to leverage Tikun Olam s large-scale human datasets and expand upon Tikun Olam s existing
 research by conducting new studies. 

Sophisticated
 Leadership Team and Scientific Advisors . We have a world-class leadership team with extensive regulated pharmaceutical industry
 backgrounds and deep expertise in oncology, skin and wound care, and clinical research. In addition, we closely collaborate with
 a broad network of leading physicians and scientists at major institutions. 

Always
 Seeking Growth and Enhancement Opportunities . We have identified a pathway to business growth and shareholder value creation
 based on our planned development programs and eventually plan to leverage the credibility of that expertise into broader offerings.
 We will continue to expand our opportunities to add assets that are complementary or accretive to our plans to serve patients through
 acquisition and in-licensing. 

Go-to
Market Strategy and Business Approach 

We
have a two-step go-to-market strategy: 

Skincare
 Product Candidates : Develop product candidates that target skincare-related ailments common among cancer patients, such as radiodermatitis,
 chemotherapy-induced neuropathy, pruritus, rashes, and dry skin. 

Combination
 Therapy : Advance novel cannabinoid combination therapies for persons with cancer, starting with programs in glioblastoma multiforme
 (GBM). 

We
believe that our existing approach to development, and a future ongoing emphasis on data collection, will differentiate us from our peers
and improve the quality of care we are able to provide. 

Product
Candidates 

Our
pipeline of product candidates and key ongoing development programs are shown in the tables below: 

Product
 Candidate 
 
 Targeted
 Indications 
 
 Partner(s) 
 
 Status 
 
 Expected
 Next Steps 
 
 Cannabinoid-Infused
 Topical Product 
 
 Oncology-
 related skincare conditions (e.g., radiodermatitis) 
 
 U.S.-Based
 Center of Excellence 
 
 Research
 Development / Discovery 
 
 IND
 submission; Exploratory Phase 1/2 trial 

Cannabinoid
 + Chemotherapy Combination Therapy 
 
 Oral
 synthetic CBD extract given alone or in combination with clomiphene, concurrently with dose-dense Temolozomide chemotherapy 
 
 Glioblastoma
 Multiforme 
 
 Recurrent
 or progressive 
 
 Dr.
 Tali Siegal, 
 Rabin
 Medical Center, Davidoff Institute of Oncology 

Research
 Development / Discovery 
 
 Exploratory
 Phase 1/2 trial 

7 

Additional
 Potential Development Programs 
 
 Potential
 Target Indications 
 
 Cannabinoid
 + Chemotherapy Combination Therapy 
 
 Clomiphene
 in combination with CBD in patients with selected locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer treated with standard adjuvant chemotherapy
 regimens 
 
 Breast
 Cancer 

Market
Opportunity 

Prevalence 

According
to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, based on 2013-2015 data, approximately 38 of men and women will be diagnosed with
cancer at some point during their lifetime. In 2015, there were an estimated 15,112,098 people living with cancer in the U.S. The number
of new cases of cancer was 439 per 100,000 men and women per year. 

Despite
widespread demand, the pharmaceutical market lacks products that address the unique supportive care needs of cancer patients. However,
we believe that research suggests that cannabis, as a palliative treatment for cancer patients, appears to be a well-tolerated option
to help patients cope with malignancy-related symptoms. For example, researchers from the Soroka Medical Center in Beersheba, Israel
analyzed data gathered at Tikun Olam s central clinic from cancer patients to whom medical cannabis was given for palliative-care
purposes between March 2015 and February 2017 (Schleiderab, European Journal of Internal Medicine, 2018). The primary symptoms prior
to treatment reported among the patients to whom medical cannabis was given during the relevant timeframe were sleep problems (78.4 ),
pain (77.7 ), weakness (72.7 ), nausea (64.6 ), and lack of appetite (48.9 ). Approximately 51 of the applicable patients reported an
8 out of 10 on the pain scale. Of the relevant patient population, 17 were given Tikun Olam s cannabidiol-dominant strain Avidekel, 
and after six months, 95.9 of patients reported improvement in their condition. Note, however, that these are anecdotal reports, which
may or may not be indicative of the results that we may see from clinical studies conducted pursuant to an IND. 

According
to a separate survey of 237 oncologists, 80 of these oncologists discussed medical cannabinoids with patients where nearly half recommended
them clinically (Braun IM, J Clin Oncol, 2018). The same survey found that 67 of the oncologists viewed cannabinoids as a helpful adjunct
to standard pain management strategies, and 65 viewed cannabinoids as equally or more effective than standard treatments for anorexia
and cachexia. 

Patient
Interest 

Research
also shows that most cancer patients have a strong interest in learning about cannabinoids during treatment. According to the Washington
State Survey of Cancer Patients, 74 of surveyed patients wanted information from cancer care providers (Pergam SA, Cancer, 2017). The
same survey found that 66 of patients had used cannabis in the past, 24 used in the last year, and 21 used in the last month. 

Moreover,
cancer patients tend to be heavy cannabis users. A survey of active cannabis users who have cancer (Pergam SA, Cancer, 2017) found that
74 used cannabis at least once a week, 56 used cannabis at least daily, and 31 used cannabis multiple times a day. Active users consumed
cannabis primarily for physical symptoms such as pain and nausea or for psychological reasons such as coping with stress, depression,
and sleep difficulty. 

Lack
of Research 

In
a 2017 report, the National Academy of Sciences noted that, although cannabis has both therapeutic value and public health risks, there
is a systemic lack of research aimed at properly evaluating cannabis-based therapies. The National Academy of Sciences offered recommendations
that included developing standards and benchmarks to guide cannabis research, addressing research gaps to evaluate the short- and long-term
health effects of cannabis use, improving surveillance capacity to ensure that sufficient data is available, and addressing regulatory
barriers to cannabis research and proposing strategies for supporting a comprehensive cannabis research agenda. 

Critically,
only 30 of oncologists felt sufficiently informed to make recommendations regarding medical cannabis, suggesting a large unmet opportunity
to educate oncologists and provide research that supports the safety and efficacy of Enveric product candidates. Among the oncologists
who discussed medical cannabis with patients, 78 said that patients were the ones to express interest on most occasions. 

Potential
for Premium Pricing 

We
plan to conduct extensive clinical research in an effort to establish the safety of its prospective product candidates in cancer patients,
and, eventually, help to identify and/or develop cannabinoid medicines intended to reduce various unwanted side effects that commonly
affect cancer patients, target specific patient sequelae e.g. , cancer pain, anxiety, or nausea), and target specific side effects
to the skin as a result of radiation and chemotherapy treatments. 

8 

We
believe that prescription only medicines containing cannabinoids (including product with hemp-based ingredients) will carry a price premium.
Upon obtaining FDA approval for our product candidates, we are striving to distinguish ourselves from a rising tide of cannabis industry
participants by: 

Creating
 product candidates specific to the side effects of cancer and cancer treatment, with a novel focus on skincare. 

Employing
 evidence-based best practices specific to cancer patients. 

Generating
 clinical research to support the safety and effectiveness of its product candidates in cancer patients. 

Leveraging
 FDA approval, as most over-the-counter OTC products sold are not FDA approved. 

We
believe these will be an important differentiator for people with cancer and oncologists who are faced with high patient demand and in
still relatively novel, unproven field of medical cannabis. Accordingly, we anticipate eventually being able to charge a premium for
those of our prospective product candidates that are successfully commercialized. Further, more than one-third of cancer patients who
used medical cannabis were new users (K. Martell, Curr Oncol, 2018), suggesting the potential to establish strong brand loyalty from
cancer patients and oncologists. 

Conditions
Currently Targeted by Enveric 

Radiodermatitis
and Other Skin Conditions 

Radiation
therapy is considered an essential component of cancer treatment, with nearly 50 of cancer patients undergoing radiation therapy at
some point during the course of their treatments. Radiodermatitis, or radiation-induced skin injury, is one of the most common adverse
effects of radiation therapy. Of those receiving radiation therapy, approximately 90 experience some form of radiodermatitis. 

Dry
skin is another common adverse side effect of certain cancer therapies. For example, a recent study of patients being treated with chemotherapy
for breast cancer found that 57.9 of the patients reported dry skin. Rashes are the most common side effect from targeted cancer therapies
with some treatments. The incidence of rash varies based on the type of cancer and drug used. For instance, skin rash occurs in up to
90 of patients treated with Erbitux, while other drugs may only affect half of patients. Pruritus (itchy skin) is a common adverse side
effect of cancer therapies; a recent survey of 379 cancer survivors reported that 36 experienced pruritus during treatment. 

To
address the unique skincare needs of persons with cancer, we are seeking to formulate a cannabinoid-based ointment or other topical drug
product for skincare conditions, such as radiodermatitis (among other conditions, as applicable). 

Current
Standard of Care 

The
current standard of care for radiodermatitis consists of a combination of preventative routines and symptomatic management based on dermatitis
grade. Preventative skin care routines generally involve keeping the area clean and dry while avoiding skin irritants and unnecessary
friction or skin stress (Salvo, Curr Onvol, 2010; Wong, Supp Care Canc, 2013). Applying lanolin-free moisturizer 2-3 times a day throughout
the duration of treatment is also recommended, with some evidence suggesting that topical corticosteroids used after radiotherapy sessions
may provide some benefit as well (Salvo, Curr Onvol, 2010; Wong, Supp Care Canc, 2013). 

Despite
the use of these interventions, up to 85 of individuals will experience a moderate to severe skin reaction during their disease course
(Salvo, Curr Oncol, 2010). This highlights the need for better preventative strategies to reduce the incidence and severity of skin toxicity.
The incomplete success of therapies to date likely relates to the multiple toxic mechanisms of radiation, including direct DNA toxicity,
oxidative stress, and both acute and chronic inflammatory reactions. Therapies that can address multiple aspects of radiation toxicity
on the cellular level are likely to have the most success as prophylaxis and treatment for these patients. 

9 

Our
Current Development Plans 

We
intend to develop products that address unmet medical needs in palliative and supportive care for cancer patients. The first product
will address radiodermatitis and will enter into clinical trials after an IND submission has been filed. We then intend to seek FDA approval
via the new-drug-application (NDA 505(b)(1)) pathway. 

Glioblastoma
Multiforme (GBM) 

Glioblastoma
multiforme (GBM) is a highly aggressive and almost universally fatal disease. Even with the most extensive surgical resections and the
most aggressive radiation and chemotherapy regimens, median overall survival is as low as 15- to 19-months (Stupp, NEJM, 2005). This
is likely due, in part, to an intrinsic propensity for treatment resistance and, as a result, the essentially unavoidable event of tumor
recurrence. The current prognosis for most patients necessitates significant advances in the standard of care to improve both overall
survival and patient quality of life. 

We
believe that CBD has the potential to influence many of the key pathways involved in GBM pathogenesis, from tumor stemness and proliferation
to angiogenesis and local invasion. GBM tumors express CB2 receptors, through which CBD and other cannabinoids are thought to exert their
anti-cancer efforts (Ellert-Miklaszewska, Adv Exp Med Biol, 2013). The prospect of CBD used in combination with other pharmacologic interventions
holds promise for the treatment of GBM. The development of clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of CBD combination therapies may
represent an important step towards improving the clinical outcomes in a population of patients with few other effective therapeutic
options. 

According
to a study by Kenyon in 2018, seven out of seven patients with GBM experienced a positive clinical response, although four ultimately
succumbed to the disease. CBD was hypothesized to be able to reduce the growth and survival of GBM cell lines by disrupting the normal
function of the cell, or cell cycle arrest, and the induction of programmed cell death, or apoptosis (Marcu, Mol Cancer Ther, 2010).
Cannabinoids have been shown to promote cancer cell death through the overproduction of a lipid subset, called ceramides, as accumulation
of ceramides in GBM cells may prevent the cell from functioning normally. Additionally, the generation of unstable oxygen molecules,
or reactive oxygen species, can damage nearby molecules and trigger cell death (Dumitru, Front Mol Neurosci, 2018). 

Enveric s
Prospective Product Candidates 

We
plan to evaluate a novel combination of CBD and an existing chemotherapeutic agent for treating GBM. We intend to use, as part of the
study, a patent pending formulation developed by a partnership of three Israeli universities led by the Weizmann Institute, and now owned
by Enveric. 

Our
proposed clinical cancer study plan consists of a Phase 1/2 study in Israel of oral synthetic CBD extract, given alone or in combination
with clomiphene concurrently with dose-dense temolozomide chemotherapy for patients with recurrent or progressive GBM, designed as an
open label, two-arm, randomized prospective study. An initial dose limiting toxicity (DLT) cohort will be investigated in a phase 1 study
in order to rule out any toxicity related to the combination. If successful, recruitment would continue, and then 40 patients would be
randomized into two arms, with 20 patients in each arm: (i) synthetic CBD extract plus clomiphene and temolozomide, and (ii) synthetic
CBD extract plus temolozomide. The primary endpoints would be progression free survival. The progression of the disease would be determined
from a Response Assessment in Neuro-Oncology (RANO) and a tumor assessment based on MRI scans. Safety parameters would include serious
adverse events and other adverse events as reported by the patients and caregivers. 

As
of the date of annual report, all pre-clinical studies, and the draft clinical study protocol related to our clinical cancer program,
have been completed. Dr. Tali Siegal has been selected as the primary investigator, and the protocol is currently under review by the
hospital s internal review board (IRB). The Israeli Ministry of Health, Center for Cannabis (Yakar) has given preliminary approval,
and Enveric is currently awaiting its primary approval. 

Neuropathy 

We
intend to conduct a clinical study to validate the efficacy of topical cream or oral medication infused with high-potency CBD and/or
CBG to help prevent and treat the painful discomfort of chemotherapy-induced neuropathy. 

Additional
Potential Development Projects 

Supportive
Care Product Candidates 

In
the future, we may also develop additional prescription medicines that are derived from natural sources that are targeted to major cancer
treatment side effects, including other skin conditions, cancer-related distress, chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV), lack
of appetite, pain, and insomnia. 

10 

For
many patients, the concept of palliative care often carries a negative connotation, conjuring ideas and fears of the end of life. However,
the purpose of palliative care is to improve the patient experience and reduce suffering in all areas of life, including physical, emotional,
psychological, and spiritual well-being. In fact, incorporating palliative care into cancer management has the potential to not only
improve quality of life, but may also prolong survival (Temei, NEJM, 2010; Ferrell, J Clin Oncol, 2017). We avoid the negative connotations
of palliative care by using the term supportive care . 

The
physical ailments experienced by cancer patients vary widely based on the individual, the type and stage of cancer, and the choice of
therapy. Three of the most common and perhaps most debilitating complaints addressed by palliative care are chronic pain, chemotherapy-induced
nausea and vomiting, and severe body wasting (Reeve, JNCI, 2014). Although efforts have been made to ameliorate these symptoms, many
patients do not achieve adequate relief. The need for new therapeutics to improve these debilitating symptoms has gained increasing attention
in recent years. 

Combination
Therapies 

We
seek to advance novel treatment for cancer based on a combination of cannabidiol (CBD) and chemotherapeutic agents, including clomiphene,
an anti-estrogen binding site (AEBS) inhibitor, which can regulate cell growth, with a potential for activity in multiple cancer cell
lines, including breast cancer, pancreatic cancer, and acute myeloid leukemia. 

Preclinical
data suggests that combination therapies may improve the activity of certain chemotherapies or dendritic cell-based cancer immunotherapies,
potentially enabling more potent or longer-lasting therapeutic effects. In multiple in vitro and in vivo models of solid
tumors and blood cancers, CBD has been shown to reduce tumor size, potential for invasion and metastasis, and development of new tumor-associated
blood vessels. In combination with CBD, clomiphene has been shown to reduce cell viability and increase rates of programmed cell death
in certain cancer cell lines, while also inhibiting tumor growth in vivo . 

Because
cancer cells contain largely the same proteins and other targets as the healthy cells in the body, there are few cancer-specific druggable
targets; chemotherapies often simply target all rapidly proliferating cells in the body. While chemotherapy can be successful in suppressing
tumors, there are many side effects associated with use; side effects may increase with higher doses. The ability to provide the same
or greater therapeutic effect with a smaller overall dose of the chemotherapeutic agent may minimize the risk and severity of side effects
in subjects and allow for the treatment of certain patients with weakened immune systems. 

Cannabinoid
Combination with AEBS Inhibitors 

The
use of cannabis in cancer management has traditionally been relegated to symptomatic management, including as an analgesic, anti-emetic,
and appetite stimulant. However, more recently, mounting evidence has suggested a therapeutic, anti-tumor effect of certain naturally
occurring cannabinoids. Specifically, CBD has been shown to reduce tumor size, the potential for invasion and metastasis, and development
of new tumor-associated blood vessels in multiple in vitro and in vivo models of solid tumors and blood cancers (Ladin, Front Pharmacol,
2016; Massi, Br J Pharmacol, 2013). 

There
is also evidence to suggest that CBD used in combination with traditional chemotherapies and a certain class of compounds, the cholesterol
epoxide hydrolase (ChEH) / antiestrogen binding site (AEBS) inhibitors, may be more efficacious than CBD alone (Scott, Int J Oncol, 2017).
AEBS regulates cholesterol metabolism and, consequently, cell growth (Payre, Mol Cancer Ther, 2008). 

Two
AEBS inhibitors that we believe may be especially promising are clomiphene citrate and DPPE. Clomiphene is an estrogen modulator typically
used to treat infertility. However, in combination with CBD, clomiphene was recently shown to synergistically reduce cell viability and
increase rates of programmed cell death in certain cancer cell lines, while also inhibiting tumor growth in vivo (WO2017072773A1).
DPPE, on the other hand, is a tamoxifen derivative that is thought to sensitize cancer cells to the activities of chemotherapies. As
a tumor grows and mutates, cancer cells can become resistant to therapies in several ways tumors can overexpress efflux pumps
that remove certain agents from the cell or can upregulate enzymes that metabolize and inactivate chemotherapies. DPPE was shown to potentiate
the toxicity of multiple chemotherapeutic drugs by both mechanisms (Georges, Biochemical Pharm, 2014; Brandes, Cancer Chemother Pharmacol,
2000). 

Cannabinoid
Combination with Immunotherapies 

Dendritic
cells (DCs) process antigen material and present it on the cell surface to the T-cells of the immune system. A range of cancer immunotherapies
involving DCs have been used to generate tumor-specific immune responses that have had variable success in clinical trials. 

CBD
may cause DCs to increase their production of IL-12 p70, an interleukin-12 (IL-12) family cytokine that may heighten the immune system s
response against certain cancers. IL-12 is closely linked to the activity of the immune system and is produced by DCs. IL-12 can bring
T-cells and natural killer cells out of dormancy so that a heightened immune response against tumors is possible. By aiding in the generation
of CD4+ (T helper cells), IL-12 also can also elicit a longer lasting and amplified anti-tumor response. 

11 

Injected
IL-12 has presented challenges in terms of its toxicity and dosage control and there is a need for generating heightened levels of IL-12,
particularly in immunocompromised patients. Preclinical research suggests that CBD may induce DCs to increase their production of IL-12
p70. 

Intellectual
Property 

We
are a party to certain license agreements as described below, and going forward it intends to both develop intellectual property and
license intellectual property from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and research institutions which would cover research stage
and clinical stage assets to build a pipeline of product candidates. 

Tikun
Olam In-License 

We
hold limited rights to several plant patent applications as an in-licensee of Tikun Olam. 

Tikun
Olam employs evidence-based medicine and other best practices, and its products have been studied in numerous medical trials. Tikun Olam s
patient databases include 12,000+ persons treated across a variety of conditions, with a primary focus on cancer care. 

We
hold limited rights to use the data included in the Tikun Olam patient database. 

Diverse
Biotech, Inc. In-License 

We
hold limited rights to patent applications owned by Diverse Biotech, Inc. for the use of cannabinoids with five existing, standard-of-care
drugs via Diverse Biotech s patent pending conjugate drug delivery platform. Our rights extend to all fields of use. We plan to
engage in targeted research and development to apply such conjugates to alleviate the side effects that cancer patients experience, with
the goal of achieving novel therapeutic outcomes for patients. 

The
Diverse Biotech, Inc. patent application portfolio includes two patent applications licensed to us. Those two patent applications disclose
conjugate chemistry that combines cannabinoids with existing drugs in conjugate form that we believe will provide differentiation in
use and efficacy from combination therapy of drugs and cannabinoids. 

Our
Patents and Patent Applications 

We
own full rights to several families of patent applications covering the use of CBD in combination with current cancer treatments, both
broadly, as well as for specific cancer types, including the following: 

Combination
 Therapy (WO2017072773 and national phase filings in the U.S. and other countries/regions) : Combinations of compositions comprising
 CBD and a therapeutic pharmaceutical cancer agents (ChEH/AEBS inhibitors, naphthoquinone or derivatives) for the treatment of cancer. 

Combination
 Therapy (EP 18165731.3 and WO2019/193112 and national patent filings in the U.S. and other countries/regions): Relates to regimes
 of drug administration and drug combinations that include a cannabinoid for use in the treatment of breast cancer, including triple-negative
 breast cancer. 

Cannabinoids
 in Combination with Chemotherapy (WO2021/028646): Relates to regimes of drug administration and cannabinoid administration for
 treatment of bladder, brain and spinal cord, colorectal, head and neck, lung, lymphoma, neuroendocrine, oesophageal, ovarian, pancreatic
 and prostate cancer. 

Exclusive
Supply Agreement 

On
February 22, 2021, we entered into an exclusive supply agreement (the Development and Clinical Supply Agreement with PureForm Global, Inc. PureForm ), a biotechnology company focused on the research, development and commercialization
of synthesized CBD and other cannabinoids not derived from hemp or cannabis, for use in development and commercialization of products
for cancer supportive/palliative care associated with radiodermatitis, chemotherapy induced peripheral neuropathy, and glioblastoma.
Pursuant to the Development and Clinical Supply Agreement, PureForm will be the exclusive provider of synthetic cannabidiol API for Enveric s development plans for cancer treatment and supportive care. Under the terms of the Development and Clinical
Supply Agreement, PureForm has granted Enveric the exclusive right to purchase API and related products for cancer treatment
and supporting care. 

Research
 Development 

In
view of the urgent need for new and more effective oncology drugs, we intend to combine innovative science and accelerated clinical development
to create and develop novel therapies using cannabinoid-based medications and similar compounds. Our past research and development efforts
were limited to investigative work surrounding cannabinoids, including creating and developing novel formulations, and evaluating potential
opportunities to license technologies from pharmaceutical companies and leading research institutions. Our principal research efforts
to date have been with Soroka Medical Center, MSKCC, Tikun Olam and St. George s University of London. 

12 

Clinical
Studies 

We
are currently assembling a team of principal investigators with of clinical experience across multiple cancer types to be responsible
for the management, monitoring, and integrity of the clinical research. The following studies are being evaluated for potential advancement: 

Radiodermatitis:
 A Phase 1/2 evaluating a CBD-infused formulation for skin. 

Recurrent
 or Progressive Glioblastoma Multiforme: A Phase 1/2 study of oral CBD extract in combination with Clomiphene or oral CBD extract
 alone given concurrently with dose-dense Temolozomide to patients with recurrent or progressive glioblastoma. 

We
plan to submit INDs and, eventually, NDAs to seek FDA approval in connection with the Radiodermatitis and Recurrent or Progressive Glioblastoma
Multiforme product candidates. The selection, timing, duration, and design of any prospective studies are subject to approval and finalization. 

Scientific
Advisory Board 

We
have established a scientific advisory board and regularly seeks advice and input from these experienced clinical leaders on matters
related to its research and development programs. The members of our scientific advisory board consist of experts across a range of key
disciplines relevant to its programs. We intend to continue to leverage the broad expertise of its advisors by seeking their counsel
on important topics relating to its product development and clinical development programs. 

Our
scientific advisors are not our employees and have commitments to, or consulting or advisory contracts with, other entities that may
limit their availability to us. In addition, its scientific advisors may have arrangements with other companies to assist those companies
in developing products or technologies that may compete with us. All of our scientific advisors are affiliated with other entities and
devote a limited portion of their time to us. 

Enveric s
current scientific advisors are set forth in the table below: 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Specialization 
 
 Michael
 J. Zelefsky, M.D. (Chair) 
 
 Vice
 Chair, Department of Radiation Oncology, Chief, Brachytherapy Service, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center 
 
 Clinical
 Research 
 
 Angus
 Dagleish, M.D. 
 
 Professor,
 St. George s University of London 
 
 Oncology
 Research 
 
 James
 Perry, M.D. 
 
 Neuro-Oncologist,
 Sunnybrook Research Institute; Professor, University of Toronto 
 
 Clinical
 Research 
 
 Zvi
 Vogel, Ph.D. 
 
 Professor,
 Neurobiology, Weizmann Institute 
 
 Oncology
 Research, Patent Contributor 

Michael
J. Zelefsky, M.D. has served as a Scientific Advisor of Enveric since April 2019. Dr. Zelefsky, is a board-certified radiation
oncologist and co-leader of Memorial Sloan Kettering s Genitourinary Disease Management Team, a multidisciplinary group
of physicians who work together to treat patients with urologic malignancies. Dr. Zelefsky is Chief of Memorial Sloan Kettering s
Brachytherapy Service. The prostate brachytherapy program at Memorial Sloan Kettering, which Dr. Zelefsky helped develop and enhance
since joining the staff in 1990, is known for its depth of experience and cutting-edge approach in treating men with prostate
cancer. Dr. Zelefsky was instrumental in pioneering the use of IMRT (intensity-modulated radiation therapy, which is computer-guided
delivery of high doses of radiation directly to the tumor) and IGRT (image-guided radiotherapy, radiation beams targeted precisely
to the tumor) for treating men with prostate cancer. Dr. Zelefsky is Editor-in-Chief of Brachytherapy, a medical journal that
addresses all aspects of this sub-specialty, and Chairman of the National Patterns of Care Study for Genitourinary Cancers. He
is also a past president of the American Brachytherapy Society. For his work in this field, Dr. Zelefsky has been honored to receive
several awards including the Boyer Award for Excellence in Clinical research, the Outstanding Teaching Award in the Department
of Radiation Oncology at Memorial Sloan Kettering, the 2009 Henschke Medal (the highest award of the American Brachytherapy Society
for achievements in Brachytherapy), and the 2009 Emanuel Van Descheuren Award for Excellence in Translational Research. 

Angus
Dalgleish, M.D. has served as a Scientific Advisor of Enveric since January 2019. Dr. Dalgleish, is an oncologist practicing
in the United Kingdom at St. George s University of London. Dr. Dalgleish divides his time between clinical practice and
research, and also serves as an advisor to several biopharmaceutical companies. Dr. Dalgleish has been a Professor of Medical
Oncology at St. George s University of London and Consultant Physician at St. George s Hospital since 1991. He has
served as the President of the Clinical Immunology and Allergy Section of the Royal Society of Medicine and is a Fellow of The
Royal College of Physicians. Dr. Dalgleish studied Medicine at University College London, where he obtained an MBBS and a BSc
in Anatomy. 

James
Perry, M.D. has served as a Scientific Advisor of Enveric since April 2019. Dr. James Perry is a neuro-oncologist at Sunnybrook s
Odette Cancer Centre and Hurvitz Brain Sciences Program. Dr. Perry is also a Professor of medicine at the University of Toronto
and the central nervous system cancers lead at Cancer Care Ontario. Dr. Perry is a clinician-investigator interested in the design,
conduct and analysis of clinical trials testing innovative therapies for primary brain tumours. His research unit is focused on
outcomes research. He is the chair of the Canadian Brain Tumour Consortium (CBTC), a national not-for-profit investigator network. 

Zvi
Vogel, Ph.D. has served as a Scientific Advisor of Enveric since February 2018. Professor Vogel is currently a Professor Emeritus
at the Weizmann Institute of science serving as the Head of the Adelson Center for the Biology of Addictive Diseases at Tel-Aviv
University. Professor Vogel previously served as the Chairman of the Department of Neurobiology at the Weizmann Institute. He
has published more than 170 scientific manuscripts. Professor Vogel earned a M.Sc in Biochemistry and a Ph.D. from the Weizmann
Institute of Science. He performed his post-doctorate studies at the National Institutes of Health (Bethesda, MD) in the Laboratory
of Marshall Nirenberg, a Nobel Prize winner. 

Academic
and Industry Partners 

We
have also established relationships with certain academic and industry partners, whom we believe have the potential to accelerate product
development, market entry, data collection, analysis and advancement of clinical trials. 

Our
current academic and industry partners are set forth in the table below: 

Name 
 
 Description 
 
 Tikun
 Olam Ltd. 
 
 Tikun
 Olam Ltd. brings proprietary products and data, clinical research experience, and access to resources in Israel. 
 
 St.
 George s University of London 
 
 St.
 George s University of London brings research capabilities and relevant domain expertise in cancer and cannabinoids. 
 
 The
 Soroka Medical Cancer Center 
 
 The
 Soroka Medical Cancer Center brings clinical research capabilities and extensive patient access. 

13 

Competition 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong
emphasis on proprietary products. While we believe that our scientific knowledge and technology and development experience
provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical,
specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and public and private research
institutions. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and
new therapies that may become available in the future. 

In
GBM, we believe that only one drug product (Epidiolex, developed by GW Pharmaceuticals) is a potential late-stage competitor.
Other than Epidiolex, we are aware of exploratory research into the effects of cannabinoid drug formulations. We are also aware
of discovery research within the pharmaceutical industry into synthetic agonists and antagonists of CB1 and CB2 receptors, as
well as companies that supply synthetic cannabinoids and cannabis extracts to researchers for pre-clinical and clinical investigation,
and various companies that cultivate cannabis plants with a view to supplying herbal cannabis or nonpharmaceutical cannabis-based
formulations to patients. These therapies have not been approved by the FDA. In addition, Lutris Pharma has a topical B-Raf
Inhibitor in Phase studies that is intended to treat radiation dermatitis, which is also a potential competitor. 

Patients
suffering from GBM in the U.S. are treated with a variety of FDA-approved products, including, but not limited to, Bevacizumab, Carmustine
Implant, Lomustine, and Temozolomide. Our potential competitors regarding the GBM product candidate include pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical
companies such as Pfizer, Genentech, Arbor Pharmaceuticals, Next Source Pharmaceuticals, and Merck, among others, depending on when the
candidate is approved for commercialization, if ever (and what, if any, new therapies are approved in the interim). Such competitors
may have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved medicines than we do. These competitors also compete with us
in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration
for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

With
respect to CBD, a number of nonapproved and non-standardized CBD preparations derived from crude herbal cannabis have been made
available in limited quantities by producers of medical marijuana in the U.S. We do not believe prescription cannabinoids
are the same as distributing or legalizing crude herbal cannabis, or preparations derived from crude herbal cannabis, and therefore
we do not believe they are competitive with, crude herbal cannabis. We believe that only a cannabinoid medication, one that is
standardized in composition, formulation and dose, administered by means of an appropriate delivery system, and tested in properly
controlled pre-clinical and clinical studies, can meet the standards of regulatory authorities around the world, including those
of the FDA. We also believe that these regulatory processes provide important protections for patients, and that any cannabinoid
medication must be subjected to, and satisfy, such rigorous scrutiny. 

Our
commercial opportunities could be reduced or eliminated if its competitors develop and commercialize medicines that are safer, more effective,
have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any product candidates that we may develop. Our
competitors also may obtain approval from the FDA or other regulatory agencies for their medicines more rapidly than us, which could
result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 

Government
Regulation and Product Approvals 

Pharmaceutical
companies are subject to extensive regulation by the federal government, principally by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic
Act, or the FDCA, and, to a lesser extent, by state and local governments. Before our prescription products may be marketed in the U.S.,
they must be approved by the FDA for commercial distribution. Certain OTC products must comply with applicable FDA regulations, known
as OTC Monographs, in order to be marketed, but do not have the benefit of FDA review and approval before marketing. We are also subject
to regulation under federal, state and local laws, including requirements regarding occupational safety, laboratory practices, environmental
protection and hazardous substance control, and may be subject to other present and future local, state, federal and foreign regulations.
We cannot predict the extent to which we may be affected by legislative and other regulatory developments concerning our products and
the healthcare industry in general. 

The
FDCA and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern the testing, manufacture, quality control, export and import, labeling,
storage, record keeping, approval, pricing, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products. Noncompliance with
applicable requirements both before and after approval, can subject us, our third party manufacturers and other collaborative partners
to administrative and judicial sanctions, such as, among other things, warning letters, fines and other monetary payments, recall or
seizure of products, criminal proceedings, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, interruption or cessation of clinical trials,
total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, limitations on or the limitation of claims we can make for our
products, and refusal of the government to enter into supply contracts for distribution directly by governmental agencies, or delay in
approving or refusal to approve new drug applications. The FDA also has the authority to revoke or withhold approvals of new drug applications. 

14 

FDA
approval is required before any new drug, can be marketed. Our products are new drugs and require prior FDA approval. Such
approval must be based on extensive information and data submitted in a NDA, including, but not limited to, adequate and well controlled
laboratory and clinical investigations to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug product for its intended use(s) as well
as the manufacturing suitability of the product. In addition to providing required safety and effectiveness data for FDA approval, a
drug manufacturer s practices and procedures must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices cGMPs ), which
apply to manufacturing, receiving, holding and shipping, and include, among other things, demonstration of product purity, consistent
manufacturing and quality and at least six months of data supporting product expiration dating based on clinical registration batches.
Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in all applicable areas relating to quality assurance and regulatory
compliance, including production and quality control to comply with cGMPs. Failure to so comply risks delays in approval of drug products
and possible FDA enforcement actions, such as an injunction against shipment of products, the seizure of non-complying products, criminal
prosecution and/or any of the other possible consequences described above. We are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and the Drug
Enforcement Administration DEA ), which inspections may or may not be announced in advance. 

FDA
New Drug Approval Process 

In
the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or the FDCA,
and other federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage,
recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import
and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative
or judicial sanctions, such as imposition of clinical holds, FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications NDA ),
warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals
of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 

Pharmaceutical
product development in the U.S. typically involves pre-clinical laboratory and animal tests and the submission to the FDA of an Investigational
New Drug applications IND ), which must become effective before clinical testing may commence. For commercial approval,
the sponsor must submit adequate tests by all methods reasonably applicable to show that the drug is safe for use under the conditions
prescribed, recommended or suggested in the proposed labeling. The sponsor must also submit substantial evidence, generally consisting
of adequate, well-controlled clinical trials to establish that the drug will have the effect it purports or is represented to have under
the conditions of use prescribed, recommended or suggested in the proposed labeling. In certain cases, the FDA may determine that a drug
is effective based on one clinical study plus confirmatory evidence. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes
many years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 

Pre-clinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the pre-clinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including the FDA s good laboratory practices regulations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture s (USDA s) regulations
implementing the Animal Welfare Act. The results of pre-clinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other
information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term
pre-clinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 

A
30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA
has not imposed a clinical hold on the IND or otherwise commented or questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial
proposed in the IND may begin. 

Clinical
trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified
investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations, (ii) in compliance with GCP, an international
standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors,
and (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness
criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the
FDA as part of the IND. 

The
FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that
the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical
trial patients. The trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional
review board, or IRB, for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently,
for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements or may impose other conditions. 

15 

Clinical
trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In general,
in Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics,
pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. Phase 2 usually
involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance
and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and
an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical
efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to
evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most
cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. The FDA may,
however, determine that a drug is effective based on one clinical study plus confirmatory evidence. Only a small percentage of investigational
drugs complete all three phases and obtain marketing approval. In some cases, the FDA may require post-market studies, known as Phase
4 studies, to be conducted as a condition of approval in order to gather additional information on the drug s effect in various
populations and any side effects associated with long-term use. Depending on the risks posed by the drugs, other post-market requirements
may be imposed. 

After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. The FDA approval of the NDA is required before
marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all pre-clinical, clinical, and other testing and
a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture, and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting
an NDA is substantial. Under federal law, the submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee. 

The
FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s
threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the
FDA begins an in-depth review. Under the statute and implementing regulations, the FDA has 180 days (the initial review cycle) from the
date of filing to issue either an approval letter or a complete response letter, unless the review period is adjusted by mutual agreement
between the FDA and the applicant or as a result of the applicant submitting a major amendment. In practice, the performance goals established
pursuant to the Prescription Drug User Fee Act have effectively extended the initial review cycle beyond 180 days. The FDA s current
performance goals call for the FDA to complete review of 90 percent of standard (non-priority) NDAs within 10 months of receipt and within
six months for priority NDAs, but two additional months are added to standard and priority NDAs for a new molecular entity (NME). 

The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to
an advisory committee, which is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance
with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve
the product unless compliance with current GMP is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug
is safe and effective in the indication studied. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete
response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information,
in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction
in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing 90 percent of resubmissions within
two to six months depending on the type of information included. 

An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition
of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug
outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for health care professionals, and elements to
assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing,
dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially
affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and
surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory
standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 

Disclosure
of Clinical Trial Information 

Sponsors
of clinical trials of certain FDA-regulated products, including prescription drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical
trial information on a public website maintained by the U.S. National Institutes of Health. Information related to the product, patient
population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigator, and other aspects of the clinical trial is made public as part of the
registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of these trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these
trials can be delayed for up to two years if the sponsor certifies that it is seeking approval of an unapproved product or that it will
file an application for approval of a new indication for an approved product within one year. Competitors may use this publicly available
information to gain knowledge regarding the design and progress of our development programs. 

16 

Special
Protocol Assessment 

A
company may reach an agreement with the FDA under the Special Protocol Assessment, or SPA , process as to the required design
and size of clinical trials intended to form the primary basis of an efficacy claim. According to its performance goals, the FDA is supposed
to evaluate the protocol within 45 days of the request to assess whether the proposed trial is adequate, and that evaluation may result
in discussions and a request for additional information. A SPA request must be made before the proposed trial begins, and all open issues
must be resolved before the trial begins. If a written agreement is reached, it will be documented and made part of the administrative
record. Under the FDCA and FDA guidance implementing the statutory requirement, an SPA is generally binding upon the FDA except in limited
circumstances, such as if the FDA identifies a substantial scientific issue essential to determining safety or efficacy after the study
begins, public health concerns emerge that were unrecognized at the time of the protocol assessment, the sponsor and the FDA agree to
the change in writing, or if the study sponsor fails to follow the protocol that was agreed upon with the FDA. 

Advertising
and Promotion 

Pre-approval
promotion of investigational drug candidates is prohibited by the FDA. Therefore, sponsors must ensure that any pre-approval communications
disseminated about its drug candidates do not state or imply that such candidates have been proven safe or effective for the applicable
use(s) or that they have been approved for commercialization in the United States. Further, once an NDA for a given candidate is approved,
if ever, the product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval
marketing and promotion of drugs. 

Drugs
may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Changes to some of
the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities,
require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new
indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions
in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 

Adverse
Event Reporting and GMP Compliance 

Adverse
event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing
testing, known as Phase 4 testing, may require under a REMS special communication regarding the safety of the drug or heightened surveillance
to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or
use of the product. In addition, quality-control, drug manufacture, packaging, and labeling procedures must continue to conform to GMP,
after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and
certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the
agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with GMP. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money
and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain compliance with GMP. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product
approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial
marketing or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 

Pediatric
Exclusivity and Pediatric Use 

The
Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, or BPCA , provides NDA holders a six-month period of exclusivity attached to any
other exclusivity listed with the FDA patent or non-patent for a drug, if certain conditions
are met. Conditions for pediatric exclusivity include a determination by the FDA that information relating to the use of a new drug in
the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population; a written request by the FDA for pediatric studies; and agreement
by the applicant to perform the requested studies and the submission to the FDA, completion of the studies in accordance with the written
request, and the acceptance by the FDA, of the reports of the requested studies within the statutory time frame. Applications under the
BPCA are treated as priority applications. 

In
addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA , NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the
safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration
for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective, unless the sponsor has received a deferral or waiver from
the FDA. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has
been granted. The sponsor or the FDA may request a deferral of pediatric studies for some or all of the pediatric subpopulations. A deferral
may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the drug is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric studies
are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data need to be collected before the pediatric studies begin. Under PREA, the
FDA must send a noncompliance letter requesting a response within 45 days to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment,
keep a deferral current or fails to submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. 

17 

Controlled
Substances 

The
federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970, or CSA , and its implementing regulations establish a closed system 
of regulations for controlled substances. The CSA imposes registration, security, recordkeeping and reporting, storage, manufacturing,
distribution, importation and other requirements under the oversight of the DEA. The DEA is the federal agency responsible for regulating
controlled substances, and requires those individuals or entities that manufacture, import, export, distribute, research, or dispense
controlled substances to comply with the regulatory requirements in order to prevent the diversion of controlled substances to illicit
channels of commerce. 

The
DEA categorizes controlled substances into one of five schedules Schedule I, II, III, IV or V with
varying qualifications for listing in each schedule. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently
accepted medical use in treatment in the U.S., and lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision. Marijuana is currently a Schedule
I controlled substance, which means that no preclinical or clinical studies of product candidates containing marijuana may be conducted
in the United States without the required DEA registration(s) and related approvals, as applicable. Pharmaceutical products having a
currently accepted medical use that are otherwise approved for marketing may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V substances, with
Schedule II substances presenting the highest potential for abuse and physical or psychological dependence, and Schedule V substances
presenting the lowest relative potential for abuse and dependence. 

Facilities
that manufacture, distribute, import, or export any controlled substance must register annually with the DEA. The DEA registration is
specific to the particular location, activity(ies) and controlled substance schedule(s). For example, separate registrations are required
for importation and manufacturing activities, and each registration authorizes which schedules of controlled substances the registrant
may handle. However, certain coincidental activities are permitted without obtaining a separate DEA registration, such as distribution
of controlled substances by the manufacturer that produces them. 

The
DEA inspects all manufacturing facilities to review security, recordkeeping, reporting, and handling prior to issuing a controlled substance
registration. The specific security requirements vary by the type of business activity and the schedule and quantity of controlled substances
handled. The most stringent requirements apply to manufacturers of Schedules I and Schedule II substances. Required security measures
commonly include background checks on employees and physical control of controlled substances through storage in approved vaults, safes
and cages, and through use of alarm systems and surveillance cameras. An application for a manufacturing registration as a bulk manufacturer
(not a dosage form manufacturer or a repacker/relabeler) for a Schedule I or II substance must be published in the Federal Register,
and is open for 60 days to permit interested persons to submit comments, objections or requests for a hearing. A copy of the notice of
the Federal Register publication is simultaneously forwarded by DEA to all those registered, or applicants for registration, as bulk
manufacturers of that substance. Once registered, manufacturing facilities must maintain records documenting the manufacture, receipt
and distribution of all controlled substances. Manufacturers must submit periodic reports to the DEA of the distribution of Schedules
I and II controlled substances, Schedule III narcotic substances, and other designated substances. Registrants must also report any controlled
substance thefts or significant losses, and must obtain authorization to destroy or dispose of controlled substances. As with applications
for registration as a bulk manufacturer, an application for an importer registration for a Schedule I or II substance must also be published
in the Federal Register, which remains open for 30 days for comments. Imports of Schedules I and II controlled substances for commercial
purposes are generally restricted to substances not already available from a domestic supplier or where there is not adequate competition
among domestic suppliers. In addition to an importer or exporter registration, importers and exporters must obtain a permit for every
import or export of a Schedules I and II substance or Schedules III, IV and V narcotic, and submit import or export declarations for
Schedules III, IV and V non-narcotics. In some cases, Schedule III non-narcotic substances may be subject to the import/export permit
requirement, if necessary to ensure that the U.S. complies with its obligations under international drug control treaties. 

For
drugs manufactured in the U.S., the DEA establishes annually an aggregate quota for the amount of substances within Schedules I and II
that may be manufactured or produced in the U.S. based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical,
scientific, research and industrial needs. This limited aggregate amount of cannabis that the DEA allows to be produced in the U.S. each
year is allocated among individual companies, which, in turn, must annually apply to the DEA for individual manufacturing and procurement
quotas. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and production of dosage forms. The DEA
may adjust aggregate production quotas a few times per year, and individual manufacturing or procurement quotas from time to time during
the year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments for individual companies. 

The
states also maintain separate controlled substance laws and regulations, including licensing, recordkeeping, security, distribution,
and dispensing requirements. State Authorities, including Boards of Pharmacy, regulate use of controlled substances in each state. Failure
to maintain compliance with applicable requirements, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can
result in enforcement action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. The DEA may
seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances,
violations could lead to criminal prosecution. 

18 

Europe/Rest
of World Government Regulation 

In
addition to regulations in the U.S., we are and will be subject, either directly or through our distribution partners, to a variety of
regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales (including pricing and reimbursement)
and distribution of our product candidates, if approved. 

Whether
or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, it must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-U.S. countries
prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. 

In
the European Union, medicinal products are subject to extensive pre- and post-marketing regulation by regulatory authorities at both
the European Union and national levels. Additional rules also apply at the national level to the manufacture, import, export, storage,
distribution and sale of controlled substances. In many European Union member states the regulatory authority responsible for medicinal
products is also responsible for controlled substances. Responsibility is, however, split in some member states, such as the U.K. Generally,
any company manufacturing or distributing a medicinal product containing a controlled substance in the European Union will need to hold
a controlled substances license from the competent national authority and will be subject to specific record-keeping and security obligations.
Separate import or export certificates are required for each shipment into or out of the member state. 

Clinical
Trials and Marketing Approval 

Certain
countries outside of the U.S. have a process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like an IND prior to the
commencement of human clinical trials. In Europe, for example, a clinical trial application, or CTA , must be submitted
to the competent national health authority and to independent ethics committees in each country in which a company intends to conduct
clinical trials. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with a country s requirements and a company has received favorable ethics
committee approval, clinical trial development may proceed in that country. 

The
requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing, and reimbursement vary from country to
country, even though there is already some degree of legal harmonization in the European Union member states resulting from the national
implementation of underlying European Union legislation. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with the International
Conference on Harmonization, or ICH , guidelines on GCP and other applicable regulatory requirements. 

To
obtain regulatory approval to place a drug on the market in European Union countries, Enveric must submit a marketing authorization application.
This application is similar to the NDA in the U.S., with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements.
All application procedures require an application in the common technical document, or CTD, format, which includes the submission of
detailed information about the manufacturing and quality of the product, and nonclinical and clinical trial information. Drugs can be
authorized in the European Union by using (i) the centralized authorization procedure, (ii) the mutual recognition procedure, (iii) the
decentralized procedure, or (iv) national authorization procedures. 

The
European Commission created the centralized procedure for the approval of human drugs to facilitate marketing authorizations that are
valid throughout the European Union and, by extension (after national implementing decisions) in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway, which,
together with the European Union. member states, comprise the European Economic Area, or EEA . Applicants file marketing
authorization applications with the EMA, where they are reviewed by a relevant scientific committee, in most cases the Committee for
Medicinal Products for Human Use (the CHMP ). The EMA forwards CHMP opinions to the European Commission, which uses them
as the basis for deciding whether to grant a marketing authorization. This procedure results in a single marketing authorization granted
by the European Commission that is valid across the European Union, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized
procedure is compulsory for human drugs that are: (i) derived from biotechnology processes, such as genetic engineering, (ii) contain
a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases,
autoimmune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases, (iii) officially designated orphan drugs (drugs used for rare
human diseases), and (iv) advanced-therapy medicines, such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines. The
centralized procedure may at the voluntary request of the applicant also be used for human drugs that do not fall within the above-mentioned
categories if the CHMP agrees that the human drug (a) contains a new active substance not yet approved on November 20, 2005; (b) constitutes
a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or (c) authorization under the centralized procedure is in the interests
of patients at the European Union level. 

Under
the centralized procedure in the European Union, the maximum time frame for the evaluation of a marketing authorization application by
the EMA is 210 days (excluding clock stops, when additional written or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response
to questions asked by the CHMP), with adoption of the actual marketing authorization by the European Commission thereafter. 

Accelerated
evaluation might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product is expected to be of a major public health interest
from the point of view of therapeutic innovation, defined by three cumulative criteria: the seriousness of the disease to be treated;
the absence of an appropriate alternative therapeutic approach, and anticipation of exceptional high therapeutic benefit. In this circumstance,
EMA ensures that the evaluation for the opinion of the CHMP is completed within 150 days and the opinion issued thereafter. 

19 

For
those medicinal products for which the centralized procedure is not available, the applicant must submit marketing authorization applications
to the national medicines regulators through one of three procedures: (i) the mutual recognition procedure (which must be used if the
product has already been authorized in at least one other European Union member state, and in which the European Union member states
are required to grant an authorization recognizing the existing authorization in the other European Union member state, unless they identify
a serious risk to public health), (ii) the decentralized procedure (in which applications are submitted simultaneously in two or more
European Union member states), or (iii) national authorization procedures (which results in a marketing authorization in a single European
Union member state). 

Mutual
Recognition Procedure 

The
mutual recognition procedure, or MRP , for the approval of human drugs is an alternative approach to facilitate individual
national marketing authorizations within the European Union. Basically, the MRP may be applied for all human drugs for which the centralized
procedure is not obligatory. The MRP is applicable to the majority of conventional medicinal products, and must be used if the product
has already been authorized in one or more member states. 

The
characteristic of the MRP is that the procedure builds on an already-existing marketing authorization in a member state of the European
Union that is used as a reference in order to obtain marketing authorizations in other European Union member states. In the MRP, a marketing
authorization for a drug already exists in one or more member states of the European Union and subsequently marketing authorization applications
are made in other European Union member states by referring to the initial marketing authorization. The member state in which the marketing
authorization was first granted will then act as the reference member state. The member states where the marketing authorization is subsequently
applied for act as concerned member states. The concerned member states are required to grant an authorization recognizing the existing
authorization in the reference member state, unless they identify a serious risk to public health. 

The
MRP is based on the principle of the mutual recognition by European Union member states of their respective national marketing authorizations.
Based on a marketing authorization in the reference member state, the applicant may apply for marketing authorizations in other member
states. In such case, the reference member state shall update its existing assessment report about the drug in 90 days. After the assessment
is completed, copies of the report are sent to all member states, together with the approved summary of product characteristics, labeling
and package leaflet. The concerned member states then have 90 days to recognize the decision of the reference member state and the summary
of product characteristics, labeling and package leaflet. National marketing authorizations shall be granted within 30 days after acknowledgement
of the agreement. 

Should
any Member State refuse to recognize the marketing authorization by the reference member state, on the grounds of potential serious risk
to public health, the issue will be referred to a coordination group. Within a time frame of 60 days, member states shall, within the
coordination group, make all efforts to reach a consensus. If this fails, the procedure is submitted to an EMA scientific committee for
arbitration. The opinion of this EMA Committee is then forwarded to the European Commission, for the start of the decision-making process.
As in the centralized procedure, this process entails consulting various European Commission Directorates General and the Standing Committee
on Human Medicinal Products. 

Data
Exclusivity 

In
the European Union, marketing authorization applications for generic medicinal products do not need to include the results of pre-clinical
and clinical trials, but instead can refer to the data included in the marketing authorization of a reference product for which regulatory
data exclusivity has expired. If a marketing authorization is granted for a medicinal product containing a new active substance, that
product benefits from eight years of data exclusivity, during which generic marketing authorization applications referring to the data
of that product may not be accepted by the regulatory authorities, and a further two years of market exclusivity, during which such generic
products may not be placed on the market. The two-year period may be extended to three years if during the first eight years a new therapeutic
indication with significant clinical benefit over existing therapies is approved. 

20 

Orphan
Medicinal Products 

The
EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products COMP may recommend orphan medicinal product designation to promote
the development of products that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating
conditions affecting not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the European Union. Additionally, designation is granted for products intended
for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition and when, without
incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the product in the European Union would be sufficient to justify the necessary investment in
developing the medicinal product. The COMP may only recommend orphan medicinal product designation when the product in question offers
a significant clinical benefit over existing approved products for the relevant indication. Following a positive opinion by the COMP,
the European Commission adopts a decision granting orphan status. The COMP will reassess orphan status in parallel with EMA review of
a marketing authorization application and orphan status may be withdrawn at that stage if it no longer fulfills the orphan criteria (for
instance because in the meantime a new product was approved for the indication and no convincing data are available to demonstrate a
significant benefit over that product). Orphan medicinal product designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction
of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity is granted following marketing authorization. During this period, the competent
authorities may not accept or approve any similar medicinal product, unless it offers a significant clinical benefit. This period may
be reduced to six years if the orphan medicinal product designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the
product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 

Pediatric
Development 

In
the European Union, companies developing a new medicinal product must agree to a Pediatric Investigation Plan, or PIP ,
with the EMA and must conduct pediatric clinical trials in accordance with that PIP unless a waiver applies, for example, because the
relevant disease or condition occurs only in adults. The marketing authorization application for the product must include the results
of pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP, unless a waiver applies, or a deferral has been granted, in which
case the pediatric clinical trials must be completed at a later date. Products that are granted a marketing authorization on the basis
of the pediatric clinical trials conducted in accordance with the PIP are eligible for a six-month extension of the protection under
a supplementary protection certificate (if the product covered by it qualifies for one at the time of approval). This pediatric reward
is subject to specific conditions and is not automatically available when data in compliance with the PIP are developed and submitted. 

If
we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, it may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension of clinical
trials, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 

In
addition, most countries are parties to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs 1961, which governs international trade and domestic
control of narcotic substances, including cannabis extracts. Countries may interpret and implement their treaty obligations in a way
that creates a legal obstacle to us obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates in those countries. These countries may not
be willing or able to amend or otherwise modify their laws and regulations to permit our product candidates to be marketed, or achieving
such amendments to the laws and regulations may take a prolonged period of time. In that case, we would be unable to market our product
candidates in those countries in the near future or perhaps at all. 

Employees 

We
continue to build on our leadership expertise. We employ two full-time and one part-time employee. We also work with scientific
advisors, consultants and service providers, mainly through academic institutions and contract research organizations. 

We
have never had a work stoppage and none of its employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or represented by a labor union.
We believe that we have good relationships with our employees. 

Legal
Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be a party to litigation that arises in the ordinary course of its business. Other than as described below,
we do not have any pending litigation that, separately or in the aggregate, would, in the opinion of management, have a material
adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

On
January 21, 2021, we received a stockholder litigation demand letter from the law firm of Purcell Julie Lefkowitz LLP,
on behalf of James Self, a purported stockholder of our Company. The letter demands that we (i) deem ineffective the December
30, 2020 amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in which we effected a reverse stock split due to
the manner in which non-votes by brokers were tabulated, (ii) seek appropriate relief for damages allegedly suffered by the
company and its stockholders or seek a valid stockholder approval of the amendment and reverse stock split, and (iii) adopt
adequate internal controls to prevent a recurrence of the alleged misconduct. We dispute that the amendment was ineffective
or that there were any inadequate internal controls related to the same. However, to eliminate any questions about the
amendment, we intend to seek to ratify the amendment at a special stockholders meeting pursuant to Section 204 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law. This special stockholders meeting is scheduled to occur on May 14, 2021. 

21 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
are dependent on the success of our prospective product candidates, which are in early stages of development, and there can be no assurances
that any such prospects will reach a particular stage in development, receive regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. 

Our
success will depend on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our prospective product candidates through our development
programs. We intend to develop at least three product candidates by undergoing the long, costly clinical-trial process for each candidate
under an Investigational New Drug Application IND and, eventually, obtaining FDA approval under a New Drug Application NDA before proceeding to market. In order to proceed with development of our pharmaceutical product candidates under
the NDA pathway, we must obtain the FDA s approval of our IND application and conduct preclinical and clinical trials in compliance
with the applicable IND regulations, clinical-study protocols, and other applicable regulations and related requirements. We may never
be able to develop products which are commercially viable or receive regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere. There can be no assurance
that the FDA or any other regulatory authority will approve of our current or future product candidates. 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and implementing regulations.
Drugs are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and
the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial
time and financial resources. The process required by the FDA before a new drug or biological product may be marketed in the United States
generally involves the following: 

Completion
 of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies according to Good Laboratory Practices and other applicable
 regulations; 

22 

Submission
 to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin in the United States; 

Performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA s current good clinical practices, or GCPs, which
 sufficiently demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug or biologic for its intended uses; 

Submission
 to the FDA of a New Drug Application, or an NDA, for a new drug product; 

Satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug or biologic is to be produced to assess
 compliance with the FDA s current good manufacturing practice standards, or cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and
 controls are adequate to preserve the drug s or biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential
 FDA audit of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA or biologics license application;
 and 

FDA
 review and, potentially, approval of the NDA. 

The
lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial resources. There can be no certainty that approvals will be granted. 

We
may encounter difficulties that may delay, suspend or scale back our efforts to advance additional early research programs through preclinical
development and IND application filings and into clinical development. 

We
intend to advance early research programs through preclinical development and to file an IND application for human clinical trials
evaluating the prospective product candidates in our pipeline. The preparation and submission of IND applications requires rigorous
and time-consuming preclinical testing, the results of which must be sufficiently documented to establish, among other things,
the toxicity, safety, manufacturing, chemistry and clinical protocol of the product candidates. We may experience unforeseen difficulties
that could delay or otherwise prevent us from successfully executing our current development strategy. In addition, our
ability to complete and file certain IND applications may depend on the support of our partners and the timely performance of
their obligations under relevant collaboration agreements. If our relevant partners are not able to perform such obligations,
or if they otherwise delay the progress, we may not be able to prepare and file the intended IND applications on a timely
basis or at all. Any delay, suspension or reduction of our efforts to pursue our preclinical and IND strategy could have a material
adverse effect on our business and cause our share price to decline. 

The
novel coronavirus could adversely impact our business, including our current plans for product development, as well as any currently
ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials and any future studies or other development or commercialization activities. 

Since
COVID-19 was initially reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China in December 2019, it has spread globally, including countries
in which we are currently, or plans to, conduct preclinical or clinical studies or other development activities. There
is significant uncertainty as to the likely effects of this pandemic. As the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues, we will likely
experience disruptions that could severely impact our business, including, but not limited to, our current or future preclinical
studies, clinical trials, regulatory progress, or any other development or commercialization activities, including (among others): 

delays
 or difficulties in enrolling patients in clinical trials; 

delays
 or difficulties in clinical site initiation, including difficulties in recruiting clinical site investigators and clinical site staff; 

diversion
 of healthcare resources away from the conduct of clinical trials, including the diversion of hospitals serving as our clinical trial
 sites and hospital staff supporting the conduct of our clinical trials; 

interruption
 of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site monitoring, due to limitations on travel imposed or recommended by
 federal or state governments, employers and others; 

limitations
 in employee resources that would otherwise be focused on the conduct of our clinical trials, including because of sickness of employees
 or their families or the desire of employees to avoid contact with large groups of people; 

delays
 in receiving approval from local regulatory authorities to initiate our planned clinical trials; 

delays
 in clinical sites receiving the supplies and materials needed to conduct our clinical trials; 

23 

interruption
 in global shipping that may affect the transport of clinical trial materials, such as investigational drug product used in our clinical
 trials; 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 outbreak which may require us to change the ways in which our clinical
 trials are conducted, which may result in unexpected costs, or to discontinue the clinical trials altogether; 

delays
 in necessary interactions with local regulators, ethics committees and other important agencies and contractors due to limitations
 in employee resources or forced furlough of government employees; 

delay
 in the timing of interactions with the FDA due to absenteeism by federal employees or by the diversion of their efforts and attention
 to approval of other therapeutics or other activities related to COVID-19; and 

refusal
 of the FDA to accept data from clinical trials in affected geographies outside the United States. 

In
addition, the COVID-19 pandemic could disrupt our operations due to absenteeism by infected or ill members of management or other employees,
or absenteeism by members of management and other employees who elect not to come to work due to the illness affecting others in our
office or laboratory facilities, or due to quarantines. COVID-19 could also impact members of our board of directors, resulting in absenteeism
from meetings of the directors or committees of directors, and making it more difficult to convene the quorums of the full board of directors
or our committees needed to conduct meetings for the management of our affairs. 

The
global COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business, preclinical studies and clinical
trials will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic
spread of the disease, the duration of the pandemic, travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries,
business closures or business disruptions and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States and other countries to contain
and treat the disease. 

We
have significant and increasing liquidity needs and may require additional funding. 

Research
and development, management and administrative expenses and cash used for operations will continue to be significant and may increase
substantially in the future in connection with new and continued research and development initiatives and our pursuit of IND authorization(s)
for some or all of our product candidates, as is required to initiate clinical trials in human subjects in the United States. We will
need to raise additional capital to fund our operations, continue to conduct clinical trials to support potential regulatory approval
of marketing applications, and to fund commercialization of our current and future product candidates. 

The
amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 

the
 scope, number, initiation, progress, timing, costs, design, duration, delays (if any), and results of preclinical and clinical studies
 for our current or future product candidates; 

the
 outcome, timing and cost of regulatory reviews, approvals or other actions to meet regulatory requirements established by the FDA,
 and comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

the
 timing and amount of revenue generated or received, including any revenue from grants or other sources; 

the
 rate of progress and cost of our clinical trials and other product development programs; 

costs
 of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights associated with our current
 and future product candidates; 

the
 effect of competing technological and market developments; 

personnel,
 facilities and equipment requirements; and 

the
 terms and timing of any additional collaborative, licensing, co-promotion or other arrangements that we may establish. 

While
we expect to fund our future capital requirements from financing arrangements, we cannot assure you that any such financing arrangements
will be available to it on favorable terms, or at all. Further, even if we can raise funds from financing arrangements, the amounts raised
may not be sufficient to meet our future capital requirements. 

24 

We
depend on our current key personnel and our ability to attract and retain employees. 

Our
future growth and success depends on our ability to recruit, retain, manage and motivate our employees. We are highly dependent on our
current management and scientific personnel, including David Johnson, Avani Kanubaddi, and Dr. Robert Wilkins. The inability to hire
or retain experienced management personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan and harm our operating results.
Due to the specialized scientific and managerial nature of our business, we rely heavily on our ability to attract and retain qualified
scientific, technical and managerial personnel. The competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical field is intense and we
may be unable to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel necessary for the development of our business or to recruit suitable
replacement personnel. 

There
has been limited study on the effects of medical cannabinoids, and future clinical research studies may lead to conclusions that dispute
or conflict with our understanding and belief regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing, and social acceptance
of cannabinoids. 

Research
relating to the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, and dosing of cannabinoids remains in relatively early stages. There have
been few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabinoids conducted by us or by others. Future research and clinical trials may draw opposing
conclusions to statements contained in the articles, reports and studies We have relied on, or could reach different or negative conclusions
regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing or other facts and perceptions related to cannabinoids, which could
adversely affect social acceptance of cannabinoids and the demand for our product candidates. 

We
expect to face intense competition, often from companies with greater resources and experience than us. 

The
pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive and subject to rapid change. The industry continues to expand and evolve as an increasing
number of competitors and potential competitors enter the market. Many of these competitors and potential competitors have substantially
greater financial, technological, managerial and research and development resources and experience than us. Some of these competitors
and potential competitors have more experience than us in the development of pharmaceutical products, including validation procedures
and regulatory matters. In addition, our future product candidates, if successfully developed, will compete with product offerings from
large and well-established companies that have greater marketing and sales experience and capabilities than us or our collaboration partners
have. Other companies with greater resources than we may announce similar plans in the future. In addition, there are other non-FDA approved
CBD preparations being made available from other companies, which might attempt to compete with our future product candidates. If we
are unable to compete successfully, our commercial opportunities will be reduced and our business, results of operations and financial
conditions may be materially harmed. 

Our
current and future preclinical and clinical studies may be conducted outside the United States, and the FDA may not accept data from
such studies to support any NDAs we may submit after completing the applicable developmental and regulatory prerequisites. 

We
are conducting, or may conduct, preclinical and/or clinical studies outside the United States. For example, we have conducted preclinical
studies in Israel, and plan to conduct clinical studies for one or more product candidates in Israel or other non-U.S. countries. To
the extent we do not conduct these clinical trials under an IND, the FDA may not accept data from such trials. Although the FDA may accept
data from clinical trials conducted outside the United States that are not conducted under an IND, the FDA s acceptance of these
data is subject to certain conditions. For example, the clinical trial must be well designed and conducted and performed by qualified
investigators in accordance with ethical principles and all applicable FDA regulations. The trial population must also adequately represent
the intended U.S. population, and the data must be applicable to the U.S. population and U.S. medical practice in ways that the FDA deems
clinically meaningful. In general, the patient population for any clinical trials conducted outside of the United States must be representative
of the population for whom we intend to market the product candidate in the United States, if approved. In addition, while these clinical
trials are subject to the applicable local laws, FDA acceptance of the data will be dependent upon our ability to verify the data and
our determination that the trials also complied with all applicable U.S. laws and regulations. We cannot guarantee that the FDA will
accept data from trials conducted outside of the United States. If the FDA does not accept the data from such clinical trials, we would
likely result in the need for additional trials and the completion of additional regulatory steps, which would be costly and time-consuming
and could delay or permanently halt our development of our product candidates. 

Because
the results of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, we may not have favorable
results in our planned and future clinical trials. 

Successful
development of therapeutic products is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Product
candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons including: 

preclinical
 study results that may show the product to be less effective than desired (e.g., the study failed to meet our primary objectives)
 or to have harmful or problematic side effects; 

25 

failure
 to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused
 by slow enrollment in clinical studies, length of time to achieve study endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis
 or an IND and later NDA, preparation, discussions with the FDA, an FDA request for additional preclinical or clinical data or unexpected
 safety or manufacturing issues; 

manufacturing
 costs, pricing, or reimbursement issues or other factors that make the product not economical; and 

the
 proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent the product from being commercialized. 

Any
positive results from our preclinical testing of our prospective product candidates may not necessarily be predictive of the results
from planned or future clinical trials for such product candidates. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries
have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical and early clinical development,
and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical
findings while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations in clinical trials, including adverse events. Moreover,
our interpretation of clinical data or our conclusions based on the preclinical in vitro and in vivo models may prove inaccurate, as
preclinical and clinical data can be susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that believed their product
candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals.
If we fail to produce positive results in our planned clinical trial for our product candidates for the treatment of GBM, or our future
clinical trials, the development timeline and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for such product candidates, and, correspondingly,
our business and financial prospects, would be materially adversely affected. 

Business
interruptions could delay us in the process of developing our product candidates. 

Loss
of our stored materials or facilities through fire, theft, or other causes could have an adverse effect on our ability to continue product
development activities and to conduct our business. Even if we obtain insurance coverage to compensate us for such business interruptions,
such coverage may prove insufficient to fully compensate us for the damage to our business resulting from any significant property or
casualty loss. 

Our
employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and legal requirements. 

We
are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with
FDA, SEC or Office of Inspector General regulations, or regulations of any other applicable regulatory authority, failure to provide
accurate information to the FDA or the SEC, comply with applicable manufacturing standards, other federal, state or foreign laws and
regulations, report information or data accurately or disclose unauthorized activities. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper
use of confidential or protected information, including information obtained in the course of clinical trials, or illegal pre-approval
promotion of drug candidates, which could result in government investigations, enforcement actions and serious harm to our reputation.
We have adopted a Corporate Code of Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy, but employee misconduct is not always possible to identify
and deter. The precautions we take to detect and prevent these prohibited activities may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged
risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance
with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending our Company or asserting
our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

Our
proprietary information, or that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, may be lost or we may suffer security breaches. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we expect to collect and store sensitive data, including valuable and commercially sensitive intellectual
property, clinical trial data, our proprietary business information and that of our future customers, suppliers and business partners,
and personally identifiable information of our customers, clinical trial subjects and employees, patients, in our data centers and on
our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. Despite our security
measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance
or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed,
lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under
laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause
a loss of confidence in our products and our ability to conduct clinical trials, which could adversely affect our business and reputation
and lead to delays in gaining regulatory approvals for our future product candidates. Although we may obtain business interruption insurance
coverage in the future, our insurance might not cover all losses from any future breaches of our systems. 

26 

Failure
of our information technology systems, including cybersecurity attacks or other data security incidents, could significantly disrupt
the operation of our business. 

Our
business depends on the use of information technologies. Our ability to execute our business plan and to comply with regulators 
requirements with respect to data control and data integrity, depends, in part, on the uninterrupted performance of our information
technology systems, or IT systems and the IT systems supplied by third-party service providers. Our IT systems are vulnerable
to damage from a variety of sources, including telecommunications or network failures, malicious human acts, natural disasters
and more sophisticated and targeted cyber-related attacks that pose a risk to the security of our information systems and networks
and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of data and information. A successful cybersecurity attack or other data security
incident could result in the misappropriation and/or loss of confidential or personal information, create system interruptions,
or deploy malicious software that attacks our systems. It is also possible that a cybersecurity attack might not be noticed for
some period of time. In addition, sustained or repeated system failures or problems arising during the upgrade of any of our IT
systems that interrupt our ability to generate and maintain data could adversely affect our ability to operate our business. The
occurrence of a cybersecurity attack or incident could result in business interruptions from the disruption of our IT systems,
or negative publicity resulting in reputational damage with our shareholders and other stakeholders and/or increased costs to
prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity events. In addition, the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information
or proprietary or confidential information could expose us or other third-parties to regulatory fines or penalties, litigation
and potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

Security
breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent it from accessing
critical information or expose it to liability, which could adversely affect our business and its reputation. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we expect to collect and store sensitive data, including legally protected patient health
information, credit card information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property, and
proprietary business information. We expect to manage and maintain its applications and data utilizing on-site systems. These
applications and data encompass a wide variety of business-critical information including research and development information,
commercial information and business and financial information. 

The
secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business
strategy, and we devote significant resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive
information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks
by hackers, or viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, or lapses in compliance
with privacy and security mandates. Any such virus, breach or interruption could compromise our networks and the information stored
there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. In the future, any such access, disclosure
or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal
information, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and European Union General Data Protection Regulation,
government enforcement actions and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations,
including our ability to process samples, provide test results, share and monitor safety data, bill payors or patients, provide
customer support services, conduct research and development activities, process and prepare company financial information, manage
various general and administrative aspects of our business and may damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
operating results may vary significantly in future periods. 

We
are in the early stages of product development and expects to focus substantial efforts for, at least, the next several years on preclinical
and clinical trials and other research and development activities. We have not obtained regulatory approval for any product candidates.
Our revenues, expenses and operating results are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. We expect to incur substantial additional
operating expenses over the next several years as our research, development, and preclinical and clinical study activities increase.
Our financial results are unpredictable and may fluctuate, for among other reasons, due to: 

the
 scope, number, progress, duration, endpoints, cost, results, and timing of our preclinical testing and clinical studies of current
 or potential future product candidates 

our
 ability to obtain additional funding to develop product candidates; and 

delays
 in the commencement, enrollment and timing of clinical studies. 

A
high portion of our costs are predetermined on an annual basis, due in part to our significant research and development costs. Thus,
small declines in revenue could disproportionately affect financial results in a quarter. 

27 

Risks
Related to Regulatory Matters 

Our
prospective products will be subject to the various federal and state laws and regulations relating to health and safety. 

We
are in the process of developing investigational new drugs for which we intend to pursue FDA approval via the New Drug Application NDA process. In these product candidates, cannabinoid(s) will be the active pharmaceutical ingredient. 

In
connection with our development and future commercialization (if applicable) of the above-described prospective products, we and each
contemplated product candidate are subject to the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA). The FDCA is intended to assure the consumer,
in part, that drugs and devices are safe and effective for their intended uses and that all labeling and packaging is truthful, informative,
and not deceptive. The FDCA and FDA regulations define the term drug, in part, by reference to its intended use, as articles
intended for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease and articles (other than food)
intended to affect the structure or any function of the body of man or other animals. Therefore, almost any ingested or topical
or injectable product that, through its label or labeling (including internet websites, promotional pamphlets, and other marketing material),
that is claimed to be beneficial for such uses will be regulated by FDA as a drug. The definition also includes components of drugs,
such as active pharmaceutical ingredients. Drugs must generally either receive premarket approval by FDA through the NDA process or conform
to a monograph for a particular drug category, as established by FDA s Over-the-Counter (OTC) Drug Review. If the
FDA does not award premarket approval for our product candidates through the NDA process, this could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Clinical
trials are expensive, time-consuming, uncertain and susceptible to change, delay or termination. The results of clinical trials are open
to differing interpretations. 

We
currently have two potential product candidates that are in preclinical development as an investigational
combination therapy for GBM and other forms of cancer and intends to pursue preclinical and clinical development for other prospective
candidates as well, including, but not limited to, a candidate targeting radiodermatitis. After completing the requisite preclinical
testing, IND submission, internal review board IRB review, and any other applicable early-development obligations,
we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates. Clinical testing is
expensive, time consuming, and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned
or completed on schedule, or at all. Failures in connection with one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. 

Regulatory
agencies may analyze or interpret the results of clinical trials differently than us. Even if the results of our clinical trials are
favorable, the clinical trials for a number of our product candidates are expected to continue for several years and may take significantly
longer to complete. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: 

delays
 in reaching a consensus with regulatory authorities on trial design; 

delays
 in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organization CRO and clinical trial
 sites; 

delays
 in opening clinical trial sites or obtaining required IRB or independent ethics committee approval at each clinical trial site; 

actual
 or perceived lack of effectiveness of any product candidate during clinical trials; 

discovery
 of serious or unexpected toxicities or side effects experienced by trial participants or other safety issues, such as drug interactions,
 including those which cause confounding changes to the levels of other concomitant medications; 

slower
 than expected rates of subject recruitment and enrollment rates in clinical trials; 

difficulty
 in retaining subjects for the entire duration of applicable clinical studies (as study subjects may withdraw at any time due to adverse
 side effects from the therapy, insufficient efficacy, fatigue with the clinical trial process or for any other reason; 

delays
 or inability in manufacturing or obtaining sufficient quantities of materials for use in clinical trials due to regulatory and manufacturing
 constraints; 

inadequacy
 of or changes in our manufacturing process or product candidate formulation; 

delays
 in obtaining regulatory authorization s, such as INDs and any others that must be obtained, maintained, and/or satisfied to commence
 a clinical trial, including clinical holds or delays requiring suspension or termination of a trial by a regulatory
 agency, such as the FDA, before or after a trial is commenced; 

28 

changes
 in applicable regulatory policies and regulation, including changes to requirements imposed on the extent, nature or timing of studies; 

delays
 or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable terms in clinical trial contracts or protocols with prospective clinical trial sites; 

uncertainty
 regarding proper dosing; 

delay
 or failure to supply product for use in clinical trials which conforms to regulatory specification; 

unfavorable
 results from ongoing pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 

failure
 of our CROs, or other third-party contractors to comply with all contractual requirements or to perform their services in a timely
 or acceptable manner; 

failure
 by us, our employees, our CROs or their employees to comply with all applicable FDA or other regulatory requirements relating to
 the conduct of clinical trials; 

scheduling
 conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions; 

failure
 to design appropriate clinical trial protocols; 

regulatory
 concerns with cannabinoid products, generally, and the potential for abuse; 

insufficient
 data to support regulatory approval; 

inability
 or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols; or 

difficulty
 in maintaining contact with patients during or after treatment, which may result in incomplete data. 

Any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
failure by us to comply with existing regulations could harm our reputation and operating results. 

We
are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. federal and state and foreign governments in each of the U.S., European and Canadian markets,
in which we plan to sell our product candidates. We must adhere to all regulatory requirements, including FDA s Good Laboratory
Practice GLP ), GCP, and GMP requirements, pharmacovigilance requirements, advertising and promotion restrictions, reporting
and recordkeeping requirements, and their European equivalents. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with applicable regulations, including
FDA pre-or post-approval requirements, then the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities could sanction our Company. Even if a drug
is approved by the FDA or other competent authorities, regulatory authorities may impose significant restrictions on a product s
indicated uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-marketing trials. Any of our product candidates
which may be approved in the U.S. will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage,
distribution, import, export, advertising, promotion, sampling, recordkeeping and submission of safety and other post-market information,
including both federal and state requirements. In addition, manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply
with extensive FDA requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to GMP. As such, we and
our contract manufacturers (in the event contract manufacturers are appointed in the future) are subject to continual review and periodic
inspections to assess compliance with GMP. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work will have to spend time, money and effort in
all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, quality control and quality assurance. We will also be required
to report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA, and to comply with requirements concerning advertising
and promotion for our products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory
restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. Similar restrictions and requirements
exist in the European Union and other markets where we operate. 

If
a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of the product,
it may impose restrictions on that product or on us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If we fail to comply
with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency or enforcement authority may: 

issue
 warning letters; 

impose
 civil or criminal penalties; 

29 

suspend
 regulatory approval; 

suspend
 any of our ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications submitted by us; 

impose
 restrictions on our operations, including by requiring us to enter in to a Corporate Integrity Agreement or closing our contract
 manufacturers facilities, if any; or 

seize
 or detain products or require a product recall. 

We
may be subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations and implementation of or changes to such healthcare laws
and regulations could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

If
we successfully complete the requisite preclinical and clinical testing, make the required regulatory submissions and obtain any corresponding
authorizations or licenses (as applicable), fulfill all other applicable development-related regulatory obligations, and, eventually,
obtain FDA approval to market one or more of our current or future product candidates in the United States, we may be subject to certain
healthcare laws and regulations. In both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could impact our ability to sell our future product candidates. If we are found
to be in violation of any of these laws or any other federal, state or foreign regulations, we may be subject to administrative, civil
and/or criminal penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, exclusion from federal health care programs and the restructuring
of our operations. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Since many of these laws
have not been fully interpreted by the courts, there is an increased risk that we may be found in violation of one or more of their provisions.
Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we are ultimately successful in our defense, will cause us to incur significant
legal expenses and divert our management s attention away from the operation of our business. In addition, in many foreign countries,
particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to government control. 

In
some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing
drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, some European Union jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems
under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some
of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate
to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company
profits. Such differences in national pricing regimes may create price differentials between European Union member states. There can
be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable
reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price
structures of the U.S. In the European Union, the downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription medicines,
has become intense. As a result, barriers to entry of new products are becoming increasingly high and patients are unlikely to use a
drug product that is not reimbursed by their government. 

We
may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products. In addition,
the importation of foreign products may compete with any future product that we may market, which could negatively impact our profitability. 

Specifically
in the U.S., we expect that the 2010 Affordable Care Act ACA ), as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be
adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we may receive
for any approved product. There have been judicial challenges to certain aspects of the ACA and numerous legislative attempts to repeal
and/or replace the ACA in whole or in part, and we expect there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future.
At this time, the full effect that the ACA will have on our business in the future remains unclear. An expansion in the government s
role in the U.S. healthcare industry may cause general downward pressure on the prices of prescription drug products, lower reimbursements
or any other product for which we obtain regulatory approval, reduce product utilization and adversely affect our business and results
of operations. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments
from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate
revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize any of our future product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval. 

30 

There
is a high rate of failure for drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials. 

We
have no products on the market, and our new potential cannabinoid-based drug product candidates are currently either in preclinical development
or the research and discovery phase. Accordingly, none of our prospective products or investigational candidates have ever been tested
in a human subject. Our ability to achieve and sustain profitability with respect to our product candidates in which cannabinoids are
featured as the active pharmaceutical ingredient depends on obtaining regulatory approvals for and, if approved, successfully commercializing
our product candidates, either alone or with third parties. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the commercial distribution of our
product candidates, we or an existing or future collaborator must conduct extensive preclinical tests and clinical trials to demonstrate
the safety, purity and potency of our product candidates. 

Generally,
there is a high rate of failure for drug candidates proceeding through clinical trials. We may suffer significant setbacks in our clinical
trials similar to the experience of a number of other companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, even after receiving
promising results in earlier trials. Further, even if we view the results of a clinical trial to be positive, the FDA or other regulatory
authorities may disagree with our interpretation of the data. In the event that we obtain negative results from clinical trials for product
candidates or other problems related to potential chemistry, manufacturing and control issues or other hurdles occur and our future product
candidates are not approved, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue or obtain financing to continue our operations, our ability
to execute on our current business plan may be materially impaired, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community
might be significantly damaged. In addition, our inability to properly design, commence and complete clinical trials may negatively impact
the timing and results of our clinical trials and ability to seek approvals for our drug candidates. 

The
testing, marketing and manufacturing of any new drug product for use in the United States will require approval from the FDA. We cannot
predict with any certainty the amount of time necessary to obtain such FDA approval and whether any such approval will ultimately be
granted. Preclinical and clinical trials may reveal that one or more products are ineffective or unsafe, in which event further development
of such products could be seriously delayed or terminated. Moreover, obtaining approval for certain products may require testing on human
subjects of substances whose effects on humans are not fully understood or documented. Delays in obtaining FDA or any other necessary
regulatory approvals of any proposed drug and failure to receive such approvals would have an adverse effect on the drug s potential
commercial success and on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that a
proposed drug may be found to be ineffective or unsafe due to conditions or facts that arise after development has been completed and
regulatory approvals have been obtained. In this event, we may be required to withdraw such proposed drug from the market. To the extent
that our success will depend on any regulatory approvals from government authorities outside of the United States that perform roles
similar to that of the FDA, uncertainties similar to those stated above will also exist. 

Serious
adverse events or other safety risks could require us to abandon development and preclude, delay or limit approval of our prospective
products or current or future product candidates, limit the scope of any approved label or market acceptance, or cause the recall or
loss of marketing approval of products that are already marketed. 

If
any of our prospective products or current or future product candidates, prior to or after any approval for commercial sale, cause serious
or unexpected side effects, or are associated with other safety risks such as misuse, abuse or diversion, a number of potentially significant
negative consequences could result, including: 

regulatory
 authorities may interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials; 

regulatory
 authorities may deny regulatory approval of our future product candidates; 

regulatory
 authorities may require certain labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications or limitations on the indications for
 use, and/or impose restrictions on distribution in the form of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS in
 connection with approval or post-approval; 

regulatory
 authorities may withdraw their approval, require more onerous labeling statements, impose a more restrictive REMS, or require it
 to recall any product that is approved; 

we
 may be required to change the way the product is administered or conduct additional clinical trials; 

our
 relationships with our collaboration partners may suffer; 

we
 could be sued and held liable for harm caused to patients; or 

our
 reputation may suffer. The reputational risk is heightened with respect to those of our future product candidates that are being
 developed for pediatric indications. 

31 

We
may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that the product candidates present an unacceptable
risk to participants, or if preliminary data demonstrates that our future product candidates are unlikely to receive regulatory approval
or unlikely to be successfully commercialized. 

After
completing preclinical testing and obtaining the requisite regulatory authorizations, as applicable, we may voluntarily suspend or terminate
our clinical trials for any number of reasons, including if we believe that a product s use, or a person s exposure to it,
may cause adverse health consequences or death. In addition, regulatory agencies, IRBs or data safety monitoring boards may at any time
recommend the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials or request that we cease using investigators in the clinical
trials if they believe that the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, or that
they present an unacceptable safety risk to participants. Although we have never been asked by a regulatory agency, IRB or data safety
monitoring board to temporarily or permanently discontinue a clinical trial, if we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate a clinical
trial of any of our future product candidates, the commercial prospects for that product will be harmed and our ability to generate product
revenue from that product may be delayed or eliminated. Furthermore, any of these events may result in labeling statements such as warnings
or contraindications. In addition, such events or labeling could prevent us or our partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance
of the affected product and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our future product candidates and impair our ability
to generate revenue from the commercialization of these products either by us or by our collaboration partners. 

The
success of our prospective product candidates and future approved products, if any, especially those containing hemp-derived CBD, is
subject to a number of constantly-evolving state and federal laws, regulations, and enforcement policies pertaining to hemp-derived CBD
and/or cannabis more generally. 

The
Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, or the 2018 Farm Bill, was signed into law on December 20, 2018. This 2018 Farm Bill
expressly excluded hemp from the federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 and the Controlled Substances Import and Export
Act s, as amended (the CSA s definition of marijuana and, accordingly, declassified substances derived from
or containing any part(s) of the cannabis plant containing not more than 0.3 THC on a dry-weight basis from Schedule I. In effect, the
2018 Farm Bill legalized the cultivation and commercial sale of hemp in the United States, subject to applicable state laws and regulations
and applicable FDCA provisions, including any implementing regulations, as interpreted and enforced by the FDA. 

Local,
state, federal, and international hemp and CBD laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which
could require us to incur substantial costs associated with compliance requirements. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations
of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, it is possible
that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business regarding cannabinoid production.
It is also possible that the federal government will begin strictly enforcing existing laws, which may limit the legal uses of the hemp
plant and its derivatives and extracts, such as cannabinoids. we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations,
or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when
and if promulgated, could have on our activities in the cannabis industry. 

In
addition, the 2018 Farm Bill did not alter the FDA s authority to regulate products containing cannabis or cannabis-derived compounds,
including cannabinoids, under the FDCA. Hemp products, including cannabinoids, that qualify as drugs, food, dietary supplements, veterinary
products, and cosmetics, for example, are subject to regulation by the FDA. Following passage of the 2018 Farm Bill, the FDA reaffirmed
its enforcement authority and reiterated the requirement that a product containing CBD or other cannabinoid(s) (hemp-derived or otherwise)
that is marketed with a claim of therapeutic benefit implicitly or explicitly attributed to, or based on, the presence of the cannabinoid
as an ingredient, or any other health/medical claim, must be approved by the FDA for its intended use(s) before it may be introduced
into interstate commerce. Our prospective product candidates are currently intended for development under an IND and, eventually, approval
under an NDA, which will mean that, if approved, we can market such products with claims about their proven medical benefits for the
applicable indications for use to the extent consistent with the product s NDA. 

While
we believe that the 2018 Farm Bill and analogous state legislation has reduced the amount of DEA oversight of hemp-derived cannabinoids,
this is a rapidly evolving area of U.S. law and substantial uncertainty remains as to the future of federal and state regulation of cannabinoid
products. In addition, the FDA has approved only one natural cannabis-based drug product, which contains only hemp-derived CBD. There
can be no assurance that our product candidates containing cannabinoids (as the active drug ingredient(s)) will be similarly approved
for commercialization in the United States at any time in the near or distant future. Any regulations the FDA issues relating to the
sale, marketing, and/or other activities involving cannabinoid or certain cannabinoid-containing products could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Given
the uncertainty surrounding future state regulations and the continuing barriers that still exist for cannabinoids in certain product
categories due to FDA regulation, it is unknown what impact the removal of hemp from the CSA, and any resulting commercialization of
hemp products, may have on our business. 

32 

Costs
associated with compliance with numerous laws and regulations could impact our financial results. In addition, we could become subject
to increased enforcement and/or litigation risks associated with the CBD industry. 

The
manufacture, labeling and distribution of products containing CBD or other cannabinoids is governed by various federal, state and local
agencies. To the extent we are able to successfully commercialize any of our currently contemplated product candidates via the FDA s
NDA approval pathway, the presence of cannabinoids as active or inactive ingredients, as applicable, may give rise to heightened regulatory
scrutiny and greater risk of consumer litigation, either of which could further restrict the permissible scope of our marketing claims
about such products or our ability to sell them in the United States at all. The shifting compliance environment and the need to build
and maintain robust systems to comply with different hemp or CBD-related regulations in jurisdictions may increase costs and/or the risk
that we may violate one or more applicable regulatory requirements. If our operations, or any of our activities or prospective products,
are found to be in violation of any such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply to the manufacture, distribution, or sale
of prescription drug products, generally, and to products containing hemp or CBD, we may be subject to penalties, including, without
limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely
affect our ability to operate our business or our financial results. 

Failure
to comply with any applicable FDA requirements, relating to CBD or otherwise, may result in, among other things, injunctions, product
withdrawals, recalls, product seizures, fines and criminal prosecutions. Our advertising is also subject to regulation by the FTC under
the Federal Trade Commission Act. Additionally, analogous state advertising and labeling laws are often enforced by state attorneys general,
and any state or federal enforcement action based on potentially misleading or deceptive advertising is often followed by costly class-action
complaints under state consumer-protection laws. 

The
FDA, on its own and in collaboration with the FTC, has issued numerous warning letters to companies offering for sale of topical, oral,
and other types of products containing CBD, which were not approved under the FDA s NDA process, in response to their making unsubstantiated
claims on product webpages, online stores, and social media websites about the products purported therapeutic or other drug-like
benefits in connection with CBD or other cannabinoids. The FDA deemed that companies used these online platforms to make unfounded,
egregious claims about their products ability to limit, treat or cure cancer, neurodegenerative conditions, autoimmune diseases,
opioid use disorder, and other serious diseases, without sufficient evidence and the legally required FDA approval. 

The
agency has continuously demonstrated its commitment to taking action against companies making medical claims about products containing
CBD (as the active ingredient), as selling unapproved products with unsubstantiated therapeutic claims can put patients and consumers
at risk. The FDA does not believe CBD has been shown to be safe and effective for any therapeutic use, except as used in Epidiolex, the
only new drug containing CBD that has been approved by FDA under the NDA process, which was approved for the treatment of seizures associated
with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome or Dravet syndrome in patients 2 years of age and older. The agency s principal concern with CBD products
on the market that are unlawfully claiming to treat serious medical conditions is that deceptive marketing of unproven treatments may
keep some patients from accessing appropriate, recognized therapies to treat serious and even fatal diseases. Additionally, because they
are not evaluated by the FDA, there may be other ingredients that are not disclosed, which may be harmful. 

The
FDA has pledged to continue to monitor the marketplace and take enforcement action as-needed to protect the public against companies
illegally selling products containing CBD as the active ingredient, claiming to prevent, diagnose, treat, or cure serious diseases, such
as cancer, Alzheimer s disease, psychiatric disorders and diabetes; illegally selling cannabis and cannabis-derived products that
can put consumers at risk; and marketing and distributing such products in violation of the FDA s authorities. 

Negative
public perception of hemp and cannabinoid-related businesses, misconceptions about the nature of our business and regulatory uncertainties
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
believe the cannabinoid industry is highly dependent upon consumer perception regarding the safety, efficacy, quality, and legality
of cannabinoid, whether derived from hemp or marijuana. Consumer perception of cannabinoid products can be significantly influenced
by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, media attention, and other publicity regarding the
consumption of cannabinoid products. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings,
litigation, media attention, or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the cannabinoid market or any particular
product, or consistent with earlier publicity. Our dependence upon consumer perceptions means that adverse scientific research
reports, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media attention, or other publicity relating to cannabinoid products, generally
or any particular cannabinoid products or derivatives, in particular, regardless of merit or accuracy, could have a material adverse
effect on our business, the demand for our product candidates or any products for which we obtain regulatory approval in the future.
Such adverse publicity or other negative media attention could arise even if the adverse effects reportedly associated with such
products resulted from consumers failure to consume such products appropriately or as directed. Any adverse publicity or
other similar occurrences affecting consumer perception may have a material adverse impact on our reputation, perception of our
product candidates, our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for our product candidates, and the commercial viability
of the products for which regulatory approval is obtained in the future, if any. 

33 

Our
management will be required to devote a substantial time to comply with public company regulations . 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as well as rules
implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq, impose various requirements on public companies, including those related to corporate governance
practices. Our management and other personnel must devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these
rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over
financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our compliance with these requirements will require that we incur substantial accounting
and related expenses and expend significant management efforts. We will likely need to hire additional accounting and financial
staff to satisfy the ongoing requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The costs of hiring such staff may be material
and there can be no assurance that such staff will be immediately available to us. Moreover, if we are not able to comply with
the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if we identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial
reports, the market price of our common stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq,
the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the material
weakness, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future, our business may be harmed. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating
and reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Internal control over financial reporting is a process used
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. As a public company, we
are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required
to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires us to furnish annually a report by management
on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our
management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020
and concluded our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2020 due to the material weakness
related to segregation of duties. Specifically, due to the small size of our Company, we do not maintain sufficient segregation
of duties to ensure the processing, review and authorization of all transactions including non-routine transactions. We are in
the process of remediating our material weaknesses and designing an effective internal control environment. 

Remediation
efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased pressure to our financial resources and processes. If we are
unable to successfully remediate our existing material weakness or any additional material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting
may be adversely affected; our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions of our creditworthiness may be adversely
affected; we may be unable to maintain or regain compliance with applicable securities laws, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq
Stock Market; we may be subject to regulatory investigations and penalties; investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting;
our reputation may be harmed; and our stock price may decline. 

34 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property 

We
may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, which could harm our competitive position . 

We
currently hold full or limited rights to several patents as an in-licensee covering the use of CBD including with current cancer treatments,
both broadly, as well as for specific cancer types. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain additional patents, protect
our trade secrets and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secret
protection (i.e., know-how), and confidentiality agreements to protect the intellectual property of our future product candidates. The
strengths of patents in the pharmaceutical field involve complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. Where appropriate,
we seek patent protection for certain aspects of our products and technology. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents globally can
be prohibitively expensive. 

Our
policy is to look to patent technologies with commercial potential in jurisdictions with significant commercial opportunities. However,
patent protection may not be available for some of the products or technology we are developing. If we must spend significant time and
money protecting, defending or enforcing our patents, designing around patents held by others or licensing, potentially for large fees,
patents or other proprietary rights held by others, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be harmed. We may
not develop additional proprietary products that are patentable. 

The
patent positions of pharmaceutical products are complex and uncertain. The scope and extent of patent protection for our future product
candidates are particularly uncertain. Our future product candidates will be based on medicinal chemistry instead of cannabis plants.
While we have sought patent protection, where appropriate, directed to, among other things, composition-of-matter for our specific formulations,
their methods of use, and methods of manufacture, we do not have and will not be able to obtain composition of matter protection on these
previously known CBD derivatives per se. Although we have sought, and will continue to seek, patent protection in the U.S., Europe and
other countries for our proprietary technologies, future product candidates, their methods of use, and methods of manufacture, any or
all of them may not be subject to effective patent protection. If any of our products is approved and marketed for an indication for
which we do not have an issued patent, our ability to use our patents to prevent a competitor from commercializing a non-branded version
of our commercial products for that non-patented indication could be significantly impaired or even eliminated. 

Publication
of information related to our future product candidates by us or others may prevent us from obtaining or enforcing patents relating to
these products and product candidates. Furthermore, others may independently develop similar products, may duplicate our products, or
may design around our patent rights. In addition, any of our issued patents may be opposed and/or declared invalid or unenforceable.
If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may face competition from companies who attempt to create a generic product
to compete with our future product candidates. We may also face competition from companies who develop a substantially similar product
to our future product candidates that is not covered by any of our patents. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting, defending and enforcing intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions.
The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other
intellectual property rights, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement
of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent
rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 

Our
success depends on our ability to obtain additional intellectual property and operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others.
Infringement claims by third parties may result in liability for damages or prevent or delay our developmental and commercialization
efforts. 

Our
success and ability to compete depend in part on our ability to obtain additional patents, protect our trade secrets, and operate without
infringing on the proprietary rights of others. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property, we may face competition from
companies who develop a substantially similar product to our future product candidates that is not covered by any of our intellectual
property. Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting, defending, and enforcing intellectual property rights in
foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement
of patents and other intellectual property rights, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for
us to stop the infringement of our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. There is also a substantial amount of litigation,
both within and outside the U.S., involving patient and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industry. We may, from
time to time, be notified of claims that we are infringing upon the proprietary rights of third parties, and we cannot provide assurances
that other companies will not, in the future, pursue such infringement claims against it, our commercial partners, or any third-party
proprietary technologies we have licensed. 

We
may be unsuccessful in licensing additional intellectual property to develop new product candidates. 

We
may in the future seek to in-license additional intellectual property that we believe could complement or expand our product candidates
or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of such licenses may cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating
and pursuing suitable intellectual property. If we acquire additional intellectual property to develop new therapeutic product candidates,
we may not be able to realize anticipated cost savings or synergies. 

35 

If
third parties claim that intellectual property used by us infringes upon their intellectual property, our operating profits could be
adversely affected. 

There
is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the U.S., involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the
pharmaceutical industry. We may, from time to time, be notified of claims that we are infringing upon patents, trademarks, copyrights
or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties, and we cannot provide assurances that other companies will not, in the
future, pursue such infringement claims against us, our commercial partners or any third-party proprietary technologies we have licensed.
If we were found to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property right, or if we failed to obtain or renew a license under a
patent or other intellectual property right from a third party, or if a third party that we were licensing technologies from was found
to infringe upon a patent or other intellectual property rights of another third party, we may be required to pay damages, including
damages of up to three times the damages found or assessed, if the infringement is found to be willful, suspend the manufacture of certain
products or reengineer or rebrand our products, if feasible, or we may be unable to enter certain new product markets. Any such claims
could also be expensive and time-consuming to defend and divert management s attention and resources. Our competitive position
could suffer as a result. In addition, if we have declined or failed to enter into a valid non-disclosure or assignment agreement for
any reason, we may not own the invention or our intellectual property, and our products may not be adequately protected. Thus, we cannot
guarantee that any of our future product candidates, or our commercialization thereof, does not and will not infringe any third party s
intellectual property. 

If
we are not able to adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information, the value of our technology and
products could be significantly diminished. 

We
rely on trade secrets to protect our proprietary technologies, especially where it does not believe patent protection is appropriate
or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We rely in part on confidentiality agreements with our current and former
employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, vendors and other advisors to
protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential
information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition,
we cannot guarantee that we have executed these agreements with each party that may have or have had access to our trade secrets. Any
party with whom we or they have executed such an agreement may breach that agreement and disclose our proprietary information, including
our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. 

Enforcing
a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome
is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets.
If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent
them, or those to whom they disclose such trade secrets, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our
trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third-party, our competitive position would
be harmed. 

Risks
Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We
may not obtain the requisite votes at our special meeting to ratify our reverse stock split. 

On January 21, 2021,
we received a stockholder litigation demand letter from the law firm of Purcell Julie Lefkowitz LLP, on behalf of James
Self, a purported stockholder of our Company. The letter demands that we (i) deem ineffective the December 30, 2020 amendment
to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in which we effected a one-for-four reverse stock split of our common
stock (the 2020 Reverse Stock Split due to the manner in which non-votes by brokers were tabulated, (ii) seek appropriate
relief for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its stockholders or seek a valid stockholder approval of the amendment
and reverse stock split, and (iii) adopt adequate internal controls to prevent a recurrence of the alleged misconduct. We dispute
that the amendment was ineffective or that there were any inadequate internal controls related to the same. However, to eliminate
any questions about the amendment, we intend to seek to ratify the amendment at a special stockholders meeting pursuant
to Section 204 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This special stockholders meeting is scheduled to occur on May 14, 2021. 

On
March 19, 2021, in response to the stockholder demand letter, we filed a preliminary proxy statement on Schedule 14A, which
provided notice of a special meeting of stockholders and sought the ratification of the filing and effectiveness of the certificate
of amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on December 30, 2020 to effect the 2020 Reverse Stock Split. Should we fail to obtain the requisite votes to ratify
the 2020 Reverse Stock Split, the 2020 Reverse Stock Split will deemed to be invalid, and we will not have a requisite
amount of authorized shares of common stock. 

The
market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations and volatility, and our stockholders may be unable to resell
their shares at a profit and incur losses. 

The
market price our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuation. Market prices for securities of life sciences and biopharma
companies in particular have historically been particularly volatile and have shown extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often
been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general
economic, political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of our common
stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate
include: 

investors
 react negatively to the effect on our business and prospects; 

the
 announcement of new products, new developments, services or technological innovations by us or our competitors; 

actual
 or anticipated quarterly increases or decreases in revenue, gross margin or earnings, and changes in our business, operations or
 prospects; 

36 

announcements
 relating to strategic relationships, mergers, acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations, joint ventures, capital commitments,
 or other events by us or our competitors; 

conditions
 or trends in the life sciences and biopharma industries; 

changes
 in the economic performance or market valuations of other life sciences and biopharma companies; 

general
 market conditions or domestic or international macroeconomic and geopolitical factors unrelated to our performance or financial condition; 

sale
 of our common stock by stockholders, including executives and directors; 

volatility
 and limitations in trading volumes of our common stock; 

volatility
 in the market prices and trading volumes of companies in the life sciences and biopharma industries; 

our
 ability to finance our business; 

ability
 to secure resources and the necessary personnel to pursue our plans; 

failures
 to meet external expectations or management guidance; 

changes
 in our capital structure or dividend policy, future issuances of securities, sales or distributions of large blocks of common stock
 by stockholders; 

our
 cash position; 

announcements
 and events surrounding financing efforts, including debt and equity securities; 

analyst
 research reports, recommendation and changes in recommendations, price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures
 and additions of key personnel; 

disputes
 and litigation related to intellectual properties, proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 

investigations
 by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 

changes
 in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting practices and other dynamics; and 

other
 events or factors, many of which may be out of our control. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities, securities
class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against us, could
result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. Any adverse determination in any such
litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that we make significant payments. 

Moreover,
the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant financial market volatility and uncertainty in recent months. A continuation or worsening
of the levels of market disruption and volatility seen in the recent past could have an adverse effect on our ability to access capital,
on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and on the market price of our common stock. 

We
may issue additional equity securities in the future, which may result in dilution to existing investors. 

To
the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may, from
time to time, sell additional equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine. If we sell additional
equity securities, existing stockholders may be materially diluted. New investors could gain rights superior to existing stockholders,
such as liquidation and other preferences. In addition, the number of shares available for future grant under our equity compensation
plans may be increased in the future. Also, the exercise or conversion of outstanding options or warrants to purchase shares of capital
stock may result in dilution to our stockholders upon any such exercise or conversion. 

37 

Certain
stockholders could attempt to influence changes within our Company which could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and
the value of our common stock. 

Our
stockholders may from time to time seek to acquire a controlling stake in our Company, engage in proxy solicitations, advance stockholder
proposals or otherwise attempt to effect changes. Campaigns by stockholders to effect changes at publicly-traded companies are sometimes
led by investors seeking to increase short-term stockholder value through actions such as financial restructuring, increased debt, special
dividends, stock repurchases or sales of assets or the entire company. Responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist stockholders
can be costly and time-consuming and could disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management
from the operation of our business. These actions could adversely affect our operations, financial condition and the value of our common
stock. 

If
securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they publish negative evaluations, the price of our
common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will rely in part on the availability of research and reports that third-party industry or financial
analysts publish about our Company. There are many large, publicly traded companies active in the life sciences and biopharma industries,
which may mean it will be less likely that we receive widespread analyst coverage. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do
cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our Company, we
could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges in connection with the Offer that could
have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

Although
Ameri and Jay Pharma conducted due diligence on each other prior to the completion of the Offer, there can be no assurances that their
diligence revealed all material issues that may be present in the other company s business, that all material issues through a
customary amount of due diligence will be uncovered, or that factors outside of our control will not later arise. As a result, we may
be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses.
Even if due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise, and previously known risks may materialize in
a manner not consistent with each company s preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not
have an immediate impact on liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions
about our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may make future financing difficult to obtain on favorable terms or at all. 

Anti-takeover
provisions under Delaware corporate law may make it difficult for our stockholders to replace or remove our board of directors and could
deter or delay third parties from acquiring our Company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders. 

Under
our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law DGCL ), including Section 203 of the DGCL. Under these provisions, if anyone becomes an interested stockholder, 
we may not enter into a business combination with that person for three (3) years without special approval, which could
discourage a third party from making a takeover offer and could delay or prevent a change of control. For purposes of Section 203 of
the DGCL, interested stockholder means, generally, someone owning fifteen percent (15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock or an affiliate of ours that owned fifteen percent (15 or more of our outstanding voting stock during the past three (3) years,
subject to certain exceptions as described in Section 203 of the DGCL. 

38 

We
do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

The
current expectation is that we will retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result,
capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be our stockholders sole source of gain, if any, for the foreseeable future. 

In
the event that we fail to satisfy any of the listing requirements of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted, which could affect our
market price and liquidity. 

Our
common stock is listed on NASDAQ. For continued listing on NASDAQ, we will be required to comply with the continued listing requirements,
including the minimum market capitalization standard, the corporate governance requirements and the minimum closing bid price requirement,
among other requirements. In the event that we fail to satisfy any of the listing requirements of NASDAQ, our common stock may be delisted.
If we are unable to list on NASDAQ, we would likely be more difficult to trade in or obtain accurate quotations as to the market price
of our common stock. If our common stock is delisted from trading on NASDAQ, and we are not able to list our common stock on another
exchange or to have it quoted on NASDAQ, our securities could be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or on the pink sheets. 
As a result, we could face significant adverse consequences including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a
 determination that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere
 to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our Company; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration statements on Form S-3 or obtain
 additional financing in the future). 

An
active trading market for our common stock may not develop. 

The
listing of our common stock on NASDAQ does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market exists. If an active market
for our common stock does not develop, it may be difficult for investors to sell their shares without depressing the market price for
the shares or at all. 

We
may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. 

We
may acquire additional businesses or products, form strategic alliances, or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe
will complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able
to realize the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and
company culture. We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing, and marketing any new products resulting from a
strategic alliance or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. There is
no assurance that, following any such acquisition, we will achieve the synergies expected in order to justify the transaction, which
could result in a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties 

Our
principal corporate office is located at 4851 Tamiami Trail N, Suite 200 Naples, FL 34013. The Company believes our office is
in good condition and is sufficient to conduct our operations. Our principal corporate office is held under a month-to-month
operating lease. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time,
we may be a party to litigation that arises in the ordinary course of its business. Other than as described below, we do not have
any pending litigation that, separately or in the aggregate, would, in the opinion of management, have a material adverse effect
on its results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

On January 21, 2021,
we received a stockholder litigation demand letter from the law firm of Purcell Julie Lefkowitz LLP, on behalf of James
Self, a purported stockholder of our Company. The letter demands that we (i) deem ineffective the December 30, 2020 amendment
to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in which we effected a reverse stock split due to the manner in which
non-votes by brokers were tabulated, (ii) seek appropriate relief for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its stockholders
or seek a valid stockholder approval of the amendment and reverse stock split, and (iii) adopt adequate internal controls to prevent
a recurrence of the alleged misconduct. We dispute that the amendment was ineffective or that there were any inadequate internal
controls related to the same. However, to eliminate any questions about the amendment, we intend to seek to ratify the amendment
at a special stockholders meeting pursuant to Section 204 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This special stockholders meeting is scheduled to occur on May 14, 2021. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

39 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer s Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is traded on NASDAQ Capital Markets under the symbol ENVB . 

Holders 

On
March 30, 2021 the Company had 87 stockholders of record. 

Dividends 

The
Company has never declared or paid cash dividends on its common stock and has no intention to do so in the foreseeable future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

On November 19, 2020,
the SEC issued final rules to amend Regulation S-K. These changes are effective for annual filings for the first fiscal year ending
on or after August 9, 2021, and early adoption is permitted. We elected to adopt the amendments to Item 301 of Regulation S-K
in their entirety, which remove the requirement to furnish selected financial data for each of the last five fiscal years. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References
to the Company, our, us, or we in this section titled Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Enveric refer to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. The following
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and
related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis
or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business
and related financing, includes forward-looking statements involving risks and uncertainties and should be read together with the Risk
Factors and the Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements sections of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Such risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking
statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Business
Overview 

We
are an early-development-stage biosciences company that is developing innovative, evidence-based prescription products and combination
therapies containing cannabinoids to address unmet needs in cancer care. We seek to improve the lives of patients suffering from cancer,
initially by developing palliative and supportive care products for people suffering from certain side effects of cancer and cancer treatment
such as pain or skin irritation. We currently intend to offer such palliative and supportive care products in the United States, following
approval through established regulatory pathways. 

We
are also aiming to advance a pipeline of novel cannabinoid combination therapies for hard-to-treat cancers, including glioblastoma multiforme
(GBM) and several other indications, which are currently being researched. 

We
intend to bring together leading oncology clinicians and researchers, academic and industry partners so as to develop both external proprietary
products and a robust internal pipeline of product candidates aimed at improving quality of life and outcomes for cancer patients. We
intend to evaluate options to out-license its proprietary technology as it moves along the regulatory pathway as well as evaluating building
a small, targeted selling organization and will potentially utilize a hybrid approach based on the product indication and the market
opportunity. 

In
developing its product candidates, we intend to focus on cannabinoids derived from hemp, other botanical sources, and synthetic materials
containing no tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in order to comply with U.S. federal regulations. Of the potential cannabinoids to be used in
therapeutic formulations, THC, which is responsible for the psychoactive properties of marijuana, can result in undesirable mood effects.
Cannabidiol (CBD) and cannabigerol (CBG), on the other hand, are not psychotropic and are therefore more attractive candidates for translation
into therapeutic practice. In the future, we may utilize cannabinoids that are derived from cannabis plants, which may contain THC; however,
we only intend to do so in jurisdictions where THC is legal. These product candidates will then be studied through a typical FDA drug
approval process. 

40 

Tender
Agreement, Reverse Stock Split and Related Transactions 

On
December 30, 2020, pursuant to the previously announced Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement
dated August 12, 2020 Original Amalgamation Agreement ), as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to the Tender
Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement dated December 18, 2020 (as amended the Tender Agreement ),
the Company completed a tender offer Offer to purchase all of the outstanding common shares of Jay Pharma, Inc.,
a Canada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Jay Pharma ), for the number of shares of Company
common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock or Series B Preferred Stock, as applicable, equal to the
exchange ratio of 0.8849 (the Exchange Ratio ), and Jay Pharma became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on
the terms and conditions set forth in the Tender Agreement. In connection with the Offer, the Company changed its name from AMERI
Holdings, Inc. to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. The Offer has been accounted for as a reverse merger under
the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations with Jay Pharma treated as the accounting acquirer of Ameri. As
such, the historical financial statements of Jay Pharma have become the historical financial statements of Ameri, or the combined
company, and are included in this filing labeled Enveric Biosciences, Inc. As a result of the Offer, historical
common stock, stock options and additional paid-in capital, including share and per share amounts, have been retroactively adjusted
to reflect the equity structure of the combined company, including the effect of the Exchange Ratio and the Common Stock. 

Immediately
following the completion of the Offer, on December 30, 2020, the Company effected a 1-for-4 reverse stock split of the issued
and outstanding Common Stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, the per share exercise
price of, and the number of shares of Company Common Stock underlying, our stock options and warrants outstanding immediately
prior to the Reverse Stock Split were automatically proportionally adjusted based on the 1-for-4 split ratio in accordance with
the terms of such options and warrants, as the case may be. Share and per-share amounts of Common Stock, options and warrants
included herein have been adjusted to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock Split did not alter the par value
of the Common Stock, 0.01 per share, or modify any voting rights or other terms of the Common Stock. Unless otherwise noted,
the accompanying financial statements and notes thereto, including the Exchange Ratio applied to historical Jay Pharma common
stock and stock options, give retroactive effect to the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 

Upon
completion of the Offer, (i) holders of outstanding common shares of Jay Pharma (referred to herein as the Jay Pharma equity holders)
other than Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha and Bezalel Partners, LLC Bezalel received the number of shares
of Common Stock in accordance with the Exchange Ratio of 0.8849, as calculated in accordance with the Tender Agreement, (ii) each of
Alpha and Bezalel, as an investor who would have beneficially owned more than 10.0 of the Company if it received Common Stock, received
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, which are convertible into shares of Common Stock subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership blocker,
pursuant to the terms of the respective exchange agreement entered into by and between Ameri and such stockholder. Each outstanding Jay
Pharma option, whether vested or unvested, and warrant that had not previously been exercised was exchanged for Company stock options
and Company warrants, in each case convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Exchange Ratio. 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock is non-voting and is convertible into one share of Common Stock (subject to adjustment) at any time
at the option of the holder, provided that each holder would be prohibited from converting Series B Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock if, as a result of such conversion, any such holder, together with its affiliates, would own more than 9.99 of the total number
of shares of Common Stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation may be waived with respect to a holder upon such holder s
provision of not less than 61 days prior written notice to the Company. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock are not entitled to
receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the Board. However, holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal (on an as-if-converted-to-Common Stock basis) to and in the same form
as dividends actually paid on shares of the Common Stock when such dividends are specifically declared by the Board. The Company will
have no right to require a holder to surrender its Series B Preferred Stock for redemption. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock will not
otherwise be entitled to any redemption rights, or mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions. 

Upon
completion of the Offer and the transactions contemplated in the Tender Agreement, but without giving effect to the issuance of the Series
B Warrants to purchase 1,791,923 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share to Alpha following the completion of
the Offer, (i) Jay Pharma equity holders, including those who received Series B Preferred Stock in the Offer, own approximately 82.3 
of the outstanding equity of the Company, assuming conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, (ii) the Ameri equity holders at the time
of the completion of the Offer own approximately 14.5 of the outstanding equity of the Company, and (iii) the financial advisor to Jay
Pharma and Ameri owns approximately 3.2 of the outstanding equity of the Company. 

As
a significant investor in Jay Pharma, Alpha received Series B Preferred Stock in the Offer instead of Common Stock, as well as Series
B Warrants with a nominal exercise price, which were issued to Alpha following the completion of the Offer to account for an adjustment
in pricing of the transactions in light of global economic conditions. Because the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into Common
Stock at any time for no consideration, such shares have been included in basic earnings per share. The Series B Warrants are accounted
for as a cost of equity as part of the capital issuance. The estimated fair value implied for shares of the Company based on the series
of transactions with Alpha is 1.62 per share, which is equal to the 5,300,000 investment made by Alpha divided by 3,262,907, or the
number of post-Reverse Stock Split shares of Series B Preferred Stock (convertible into Common Stock) that Alpha received in the Offer. 

Simultaneously
with the execution of the Original Amalgamation Agreement, Jay Pharma issued a Secured Promissory Note, dated January 10, 2020 (the Original
Note ), to Alpha, pursuant to which, on January 10, 2020, Jay Pharma received a 1,500,000 loan from Alpha. The Original Note was
amended to reflect an additional investment of 500,000, resulting in a total principal amount of 2,000,000. The Original Note was further
amended on August 12, 2020, to account for the termination of the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the change in the structure of
the transaction from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer (as amended, the Note ). Upon the closing of the
Offer, the Note was converted into the right to receive 2,473,848 common shares of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 2,333,970 common
shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 1.03 per share immediately prior to the Offer. In connection with the Offer, such common
shares and warrants of Jay Pharma acquired by Alpha upon conversion of the Note were converted into the right to receive (i) 547,278
shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into up to 547,278 shares of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse
Stock Split, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 516,333 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.64 per share, after giving
effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

41 

Alpha
also acquired 3,500,954 common shares of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 3,500,954 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price
of 1.03 per share, immediately prior to the Offer, in connection with the 3 million private placement completed prior to the completion
of the Offer (the Alpha Investment ). In connection with the Offer, such common shares and warrants of Jay Pharma acquired
by Alpha in the Alpha Investment were converted into, as applicable, the right to receive (i) 774,499 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
that are convertible into up to 774,499 shares of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and (ii) warrants to
purchase up to 774,499 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.64 per share, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

On
December 4, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha executed a securities purchase agreement whereby Alpha purchased an additional 1,000,000 common
shares of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 500,000 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 0.30 per share for an aggregate
purchase price of 300,000 (the Alpha December Investment ). In connection with the Offer, such shares were exchanged for
221,225 shares of Common Stock, and such warrants were exchanged for warrants to purchase 110,613 shares of Common Stock at 1.36 per
share. 

Additionally,
at the effective time of the Offer, the Company issued five-year warrants (the Series B Warrants to purchase 1,791,923
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 to Alpha, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The number of shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series B Warrants is equal to the product of (i) 8,100,000 and (ii) the Exchange Ratio
of 0.8849, post-Reverse Stock Split. 

After
giving effect to the conversion of its Series B Preferred Stock, the warrants issued to Alpha in connection with the Alpha Investment
and the Alpha Bridge Loan and the Series B Warrants, Alpha s total ownership interest in the Company will be 5,008,078 common shares,
or 33.9 , without giving effect to the beneficial ownership limitations in its Series B Preferred Stock. However, under the terms of
each of such securities, Alpha may not convert such security to the extent such conversion would cause Alpha, together with its affiliates,
to beneficially own a number of shares of Common Stock which would exceed 9.99 of the Common Stock then issued and outstanding following
such exercise. 

Intellectual
Property Acquisition 

In
connection with the Offer, Jay Pharma entered into a series of assignment and assumption agreements with affiliates of a third party,
Tikkun Pharma, Inc. Tikkun ), pursuant to which, on October 2, 2020, Tikkun assigned to Jay Pharma all of Tikkun s
(i) rights to certain skin care treatment assets and (ii) intellectual property rights to certain formulations for the development of
therapeutic candidates for the prevention, management and treatment of graft versus host disease (GVHD) in exchange for an aggregate
of 10,360,007 common shares of Jay Pharma. 

Because
Alpha required additional shares of the Company, at no or a nominal cost, for Alpha to consummate the Alpha Bridge Loan and the Alpha
Investment at the planned valuation, Alpha entered into an agreement with Tikkun pursuant to which, immediately following such assignment,
Tikkun sold 7,774,463 of these common shares of Jay Pharma to Alpha for the nominal aggregate purchase price of 10.00 (the Alpha
Nominal Shares ), leaving Tikkun with 2,585,544 common shares of Jay Pharma (the Tikkun Shares ). In connection with
the Offer, the Tikkun Shares were exchanged for 571,987 shares of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and the
Alpha Nominal Shares were exchanged for 1,719,906 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into up to 1,719,906 shares
of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

Spin-Off 

Prior
to the completion of the Offer, on December 30, 2020, pursuant to the previously announced Ameri SharePurchase Agreement, Ameri and Private
Ameri completed the Spin-Off, pursuant to which Ameri contributed, transferred and conveyed to Private Ameri all of the issued and outstanding
equity interests of the existing subsidiaries of Ameri, constituting the entire business and operations of Ameri and its subsidiaries,
and Private Ameri assumed the liabilities of such subsidiaries, and all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock
of Ameri were redeemed for an equal number of shares of Series A preferred stock of Private Ameri. 

Series
B Warrants 

Pursuant
to the Tender Agreement, on December 31, 2020, we issued Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrants to purchase 1,791,923
shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 to Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ). We were obligated, among
other things, to file a registration statement with SEC for purposes of registering the resale of the shares of common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Series B Warrants by the investors. The issuance of the Series B Warrants was exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction by an issuer
not involving a public offering. As described below under Letter Agreement with Alpha , on January 12, 2021,
we have waived the lock-up restrictions on Alpha with respect to dispositions of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrant Shares ), and Alpha agreed to limit its sales of shares of our common
stock on each trading day to no more than 10 of the daily reported trading volume of common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market
for such trading day, provided, such limitation shall terminate if the closing price of our shares of common stock on the Nasdaq
Stock Market exceeds 5.29 per share for five consecutive trading days. 

Director
and Officer Resignations and Appointments 

Effective
upon completion of the Offer, Srinidhi Dev Devanur, our former Executive Chairman and a former director of the board
of directors, Brent Kelton, our former Chief Executive Officer, Barry Kostiner, our former Chief Financial Officer, Carmo Martella,
a former director of the board of directors, Thoranath Sukumaran, a former director of the board of directors and Dimitrios Angelis,
a former director of the board of directors, all tendered their resignations from their respective positions as officers and directors
of our company. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Tender Agreement, and as disclosed in the Form S-4, the board of directors appointed David Johnson, George
Kegler, Sol Mayer and Marcus Schabacker to the board of directors at the effective time of the Offer. 

Effective
upon the completion of the Offer, the board of directors appointed David Johnson as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
Avani Kanubaddi as our Chief Operating Officer, John Van Buiten as our Chief Financial Officer, and Robert Wilkins as our Chief
Medical Officer. 

On
December 29, 2020 at the special meeting of Ameri stockholders held to approve the Tender Agreement, the shareholders ratified
the Bonus Shares Proposal, as described in the Form S-4, resulting in the issuance of shares previously awarded by Ameri s
board of directors to Mr. Devanur, Mr. Kelton, Mr. Kostiner and Brandon Gordon, our Executive Vice President, Business Development
in lieu of cash bonuses, with a total of 156,318 post-split shares being awarded on December 30, 2020. 

Of
these shares, 67,635 had originally been awarded, subject to Ameri s shareholders approval, on January 9, 2020, representing
aggregate bonus payments of 675,000 divided by a price of 9.98, the closing price on the day immediately preceding board approval.
A further 88,683 shares had been awarded, subject to Ameri s shareholders approval, and subject to continued service
through the end of 2020, on October 19, 2020, represent aggregate bonus payments of 525,000 divided by a price of 5.92, the
closing price on the day immediately preceding board approval, resulting in a total of 156,318 shares granted to officers and
directors, 

The
issuance of these shares was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to an exemption provided
by Section 4(a)(2) thereof as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering. 

Key
Components of Our Results of Operations 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses include financial statement preparation services, tax compliance, various consulting and director fees, legal services,
auditing fees, and stock-based compensation. These expenses have increased in connection with the Company s product development
and the Company s management expects these expenses to continue to increase as the Company continues to develop its potential product
candidates. 

42 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth information comparing the components of net loss for the years ended December 31, 2020 and the comparable
period in 2019: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Expenses 

General and Administrative 
 5,443,234 
 2,296,534 
 
 Research and Development 
 174,083 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses 
 5,617,317 
 2,296,534 

Loss from operations 
 (5,617,317 
 (2,296,534 

Other expense 

Extinguishment of note payable 
 - 
 32,316 
 
 Interest Expense 
 445,250 
 81,823 
 
 Inducement Expense 
 802,109 
 - 
 
 Total other expense 
 1,247,359 
 114,139 

Net Loss 
 (6,864,676 
 (2,410,673 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign exchange loss 
 (169,655 
 (6,667 

Comprehensive loss 
 (7,034,331 
 (2,417,340 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 (1.19 
 (0.46 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 5,753,598 
 5,287,145 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses increased to 5,617,317, for the year ended December 31, 2020 from 2,296,534 for the year ended December 31,
2019, with an increase of 3,320,783, or 145 . This change was primarily driven by an increase in stock-based compensation
of 1,440,583, an increase in legal and professional fees of 1,147,381, and an increase in research and development costs
of 174,083. 

Interest
Expense 

Our
interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 was 445,250 compared to 81,823 for the year ended December 31, 2019. This
increase was primarily driven by promissory notes that were entered into by the Company during 2020, with an aggregate
principal amount of 2,143,925, which it did not have during 2019. 

Inducement Expense 

Our inducement expense
was 802,109 for the year December 31, 2020 as compared to 0 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The expense is related
to inducement incurred related to the conversion of warrants, resulting in a charge of 802,109. 

Foreign
Exchange 

Our
foreign exchange loss was 169,655 for the year December 31, 2020 as compared to 6,667 for the year ended December 31, 2019, for an
increase in 162,988. The increase in foreign exchange loss is primarily due to the U.S. Dollar weakening against the Canadian Dollar
and the conversion of the Canadian Dollars into United States Dollars for payment of United States Dollar denominated expenses. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company has incurred continuing losses from its operations. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has had an accumulated deficit of 11,759,557
and working capital of 1,597,920. Since inception, the Company s operations have been funded principally through the issuance
of debt and equity. 

February 2019 Note 

On February 7,
2019, Jay Pharma received 60,000 in exchange for a promissory note to David Stefansky with an aggregate face value of 66,000,
including an original issue discount of 6,000 (the February 2019 Note ). The February 2019 Note bore no stated interest
rate. On July 21, 2020, Jay Pharma converted the February 2019 Note into common shares. 

March 2019 Note 

On February 1,
2019, Jay Pharma entered into a consulting agreement with David Stefansky. In connection with the consulting agreement, on March
5, 2019, Jay Pharma issued a note payable to its executive director for 150,000 (the March 2019 Note ). The note
bore no interest. On July 21, 2020, Jay Pharma converted the March 2019 Note into common shares. 

April 2019 Note 

During April 2019,
Jay Pharma received 300,000 in exchange for convertible notes in an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 (the April
2019 Convertible Notes and warrants to purchase 250,000 common shares of Jay Pharma. The April 2019 Convertible Notes
bore interest at a rate of 6 per annum. On December 30, 2020, the April 2019 Notes were converted into common shares. 

July 2019 Note 

On July 8, 2019,
Jay Pharma entered into a note agreement (the July 2019 Note to a limited liability company (the Lender ).
The Note s face value was 157,714 and the original issue discount was 19,714 for total gross proceeds of 138,000, implying
an interest rate of 12.5 per annum. Jay Pharma could, without premium or penalty, at any time and from time to time, prepay all
or any portion of the Note. The maturity date of the Note was September 8, 2019. On September 20, 2019, Jay Pharma entered into
an amendment to the July 2019 Note (the Amendment ). The Amendment extended the maturity date for the Note until
the earlier of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b) November 7, 2019. On November
21, 2019, Jay Pharma entered into an amendment for the July 2019 Note that extended the maturity date for the Note until the earlier
of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b) December 9, 2019. In consideration
for this amendment, Jay Pharma agreed to pay an aggregate extension fee of 33,926, which was added to the principal balance of
the note. On December 9, 2019, Jay Pharma entered into an additional amendment for the July 2019 Note that extended the maturity
date for the Note until the earlier of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b)
January 7, 2020. Jay Pharma also agreed to pay the previously outstanding extension fees of 33,926 on or before March 1, 2020. 

43 

On January 8,
2020, Jay Pharma entered into an amendment to the July 2019 Note (the January 8 Amendment ). The January 8 Amendment
extended the maturity date for the July 2019 Note until the (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal
to 1,500,000, or (b) April 1, 2020. In consideration for the January 8 Amendment, Jay Pharma granted 55,000 shares of the Company s
common stock to the Lender. On May 6, 2020, Jay Pharma entered into an amendment (the May 2020 Amendment whereby
both parties agreed to extend the maturity date of the July 2019 Note to September 30, 2020. On January 12, 2020, Jay Pharma repaid
 157,714 of the July 2019 Note. On December 31, 2020 the Company paid the remaining unpaid balance of the July 2019 Note. 

December 2019 Note 

On December 12,
2019, Jay Pharma received 40,000 in exchange for a promissory note with a lender, including an original issue discount of 4,000
(the December 2019 Note ). The December 2019 Note bore interest at a rate of ten percent (10 on its face value
per annum. In the case of an event of default, the interest rate would increase to 24 per year. The December 2019 Note matured
on January 31, 2020. The promissory note with the lender and Jay Pharma was converted into 170,333 shares of common stock on December
30, 2020. 

February 2020 Note 

On February 24,
2020, Jay Pharma received 50,000 in exchange for a promissory note with a lender (the February 2020 Note ). The
February 2020 Note bore interest at a rate of 10 on its face value per annum. In the case of an event of default, the interest
rate would increase to 24 per year. The note matured on July 31, 2020. The February 2020 Note was convertible into common shares
of Jay Pharma at any time at a conversion price of 0.38 per share. On December 30, 2020, the February 2020 Note was converted
into 190,004 shares of the Company s common stock. 

Alpha Note 

Simultaneously
with the execution of the Original Amalgamation Agreement, Jay Pharma issued the Original Note, dated January 10, 2020, to Alpha,
pursuant to which, on January 10, 2020, Jay Pharma received a 1,500,000 loan from Alpha. The Original Note was amended to reflect
an additional investment of 500,000, resulting in a total principal amount of 2,000,000. The Original Note was further amended
on August 12, 2020, to account for the termination of the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the change in the structure of the
transaction from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer. Upon the closing of the Offer, the Note was converted into
the right to receive 2,473,848 common shares of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 2,333,970 common shares of Jay Pharma at an
exercise price of 1.03 per share immediately prior to the Offer. In connection with the Offer, such common shares and warrants
of Jay Pharma acquired by Alpha upon conversion of the Note were converted into the right to receive (i) 547,278 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock that are convertible into up to 547,278 shares of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split,
and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 516,333 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.64 per share, after giving effect
to the Reverse Stock Split. 

Alpha Investment 

Alpha also acquired
3,500,954 common shares of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 3,500,954 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 1.03
per share, immediately prior to the Offer, in connection with the 3 million private placement completed prior to the completion
of the Offer. In connection with the Offer, such common shares and warrants of Jay Pharma acquired by Alpha in the Alpha Investment
were converted into, as applicable, the right to receive (i) 774,499 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into
up to 774,499 shares of Common Stock, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 774,499
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.64 per share, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

Alpha December Investment 

On December 4,
2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha executed a securities purchase agreement whereby Alpha purchased an additional 1,000,000 common shares
of Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 500,000 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 0.30 per share for an aggregate
purchase price of 300,000 (the Alpha December Investment ). In connection with the Offer, such shares were exchanged
for 221,225 shares of Common Stock, and such warrants were exchanged for warrants to purchase 110,613 shares of Common Stock at
 1.36 per share. 

Series B Warrants 

Additionally,
at the effective time of the Offer, the Company issued five-year warrants (the Series B Warrants to purchase 1,791,923
shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of 0.01 to Alpha, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series B Warrants is equal to the product of (i) 8,100,000 and (ii) the Exchange
Ratio of 0.8849, post-Reverse Stock Split. 

Registered Direct Offerings 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 2,221,458 shares of Common Stock at approximately 4.50 per share
for gross proceeds of approximately 10,000,000. On February 11, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 3,007,026
shares of Common Stock for gross proceeds of approximately 12.8 million. As of March 30, 2021, the Company had cash on hand of approximately
 22.9 million. 

44 

We
believe that, as a result of these transactions, we currently have sufficient cash and financing commitments to meet our
funding requirements over the next year. Notwithstanding, we expects that we will need to raise additional financing to accomplish
our development plan over the next several years. We may seek to obtain additional funding through debt or equity financing
in the future. There are no assurances that we will be able to raise capital on terms acceptable to us or at all, or that cash
flows generated from our operations will be sufficient to meet our current operating costs. Our ability to obtain additional capital
may depend on prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. The COVID-19 pandemic
has caused an unstable economic environment globally. Disruptions in the global financial markets may adversely impact the availability
and cost of credit, as well as our ability to raise money in the capital markets. Current economic conditions have been and continue
to be volatile. Continued instability in these market conditions may limit our ability to access the capital necessary to fund
and grow our business. If we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of additional capital, we may be required to reduce the scope
of our planned development, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. 

Cash
Flows 

Since
inception, we have primarily used our available cash to fund our product development expenditures. 

Cash
Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

The
following table sets forth a summary of cash flows for the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,888,785 
 (647,860 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (44,143 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,531,270 
 560,000 
 
 Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash 
 (63,596 
 17,903 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 1,534,746 
 (69,957 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 3,888,785 during the year ended December 31, 2020, which consisted primarily of a net loss
of 6,864,676, offset by amortization of note discount of 288,631, stock-based compensation of 1,977,155, induced conversion
of warrants of 802,109, amortization of intangible assets of 120,872, increases in prepaid expenses and other current
assets for 636,497, and increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 267,002. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 647,860 during the year ended December 31, 2019, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 2,410,673,
offset by amortization of note discount of 68,453, increases in stock-based compensation of 624,052, increases in prepaid expenses
and other current assets of 104,340, and increases in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 919,968. 

Investing
Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 44,143 during the year ended December 31, 2020, which consisted of the acquisition of intellectual property
from Tikkun Pharma. 

The
Company did not have any investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 5,531,270 during the year ended December 31, 2020, which consisted primarily of 50,000 in
proceeds from convertible notes payable, 1,812,410 in proceeds from note payable, proceeds from the offering and reverse merger of 3,372,500,
September 2020 private placement of 227,500, December 2020 private placement of 260,500 and a decrease of 191,640 in repayment of
note payable. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 560,000 during the year ended December 31, 2019, which consisted of 300,000 in proceeds
from convertible notes payable, 238,000 in proceeds from notes payable and 22,000 in advances from a related
party. 

45 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company did not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements or liabilities, guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interests
in transferred assets, or any obligation arising out of a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity. The Company does not
have any subsidiaries to include or otherwise consolidate into the financial statements. Additionally, the Company does not have interests
in, nor relationships with, any special purpose entities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

The
Company s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding its management s discussion and analysis. The Company s
significant accounting policies are presented in Note 3 to its financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020, which
are included elsewhere in this annual report. The Company s financial statements have been prepared in accordance and
in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC regarding consolidated
financial information. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the report amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and expenses during
the periods reported. By their nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effects on the financial
statements of changes in such estimates in future periods could be significant. Significant areas requiring management s
estimates and assumptions include determining the fair value of transactions involving common stock and the valuation of stock-based
compensation. Actual results could differ from estimates. 

Recent
Accounting Standards 

Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective accounting standards, when adopted, will have a material effect on the
accompanying financial statements, other than those disclosed below. 

On
February 25, 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). This update will require organizations that lease assets to recognize on the balance sheet the assets
and liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The new guidance will also require additional disclosures
about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The provisions of this update are effective for annual
and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2019. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted this ASU, which
will did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

In
July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic, 842, Leases , which clarifies how to apply certain
aspects of the new leases standard, ASC 842. The amendments address the rate implicit in the lease, impairment of the net investment
in the lease, lessee reassessment of lease classification, lessor reassessment of lease term and purchase options, variable payments
that depend on an index or rate and certain transition adjustments, among other things. 

In
July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-11, Leases (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements , which provides entities with relief
from the costs of implementing certain aspects of the new leasing standard, ASC 842. Specifically, under the amendments in ASU 2018-11,
(1) entities may elect not to recast the comparative periods presented when transitioning to ASC 842 and (2) lessors may elect not to
separate lease and non-lease components when certain conditions are met. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which at times, may exceed the federal depository insurance coverage of 250,000. The Company has not experienced losses
on these accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. As of December
31, 2020, the Company did not have greater than 250,000 at any US or Canadian financial institutions. 

Foreign
Currency Risk 

From
inception through December 31, 2020, the reporting currency of the Company is the United States dollar while the functional currency
of the Company is the Canadian dollar. As a result, the Company is subject to exposure from changes in the exchange rates of the Canadian
dollar and the U.S. dollar. 

The
Company has not entered into any financial derivative instruments that expose it to material market risk, including any instruments designed
to hedge the impact of foreign currency exposures. The Company may, however, hedge such exposure to foreign currency exchange fluctuations
in the future. 

46 

Recent
Developments 

Change
in Certifying Accountant 

On
January 5, 2021, our Audit Committee of the board of directors approved the dismissal of Ram Associates, CPA Ram as our
independent registered public accounting firm, effective December 31, 2020, and engaged Marcum LLP Marcum as our independent
registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2020. Prior to the completion of the Offer, Marcum served as the independent
registered public accounting firm of Jay Pharma, and we believe the change in auditors will be more efficient for reporting purposes. 

January
2021 Registered Direct Offering 

On
January 12, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the January 2021 Purchase Agreement with Alpha, The
Hewlett Fund LP, Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC Segregated Master Portfolio B Alto ), Iroquois Master Fund Ltd.,
Iroquois Capital Investment Group LLC and Hudson Bay Master Fund Ltd (collectively, the Subsequent Investors ), pursuant
to which the Company issued and sold in a registered direct offering (the January 2021 Direct Offering an aggregate of
2,221,334 shares of our Common Stock at an offering price of 4.5018 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately 10,000,000 before
the deduction of fees and offering expenses. Under the January 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Subsequent Investors could choose to purchase
pre-funded warrants (the Pre-funded Warrants in lieu of shares of Common Stock. The offering closed on January 14, 2021. 

The
Pre-funded Warrants have an exercise price of 0.01 per share. The Pre-funded Warrants are immediately exercisable and may be exercised
at any time after their original issuance until such Pre-funded Warrants are exercised in full. A holder of a Pre-funded Warrant may
not exercise any portion of such holder s Pre-funded Warrants to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates, would
beneficially own more than 4.99 (or, at the election of the holder, 9.99 of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock
immediately after exercise (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ), except that upon at least 61 days prior notice
from the holder to the Company, the holder may increase the Beneficial Ownership Limitation to up to 9.99 of the number of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise. 

The
shares, the Pre-funded Warrants, and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Pre-funded Warrants (the Pre-funded
Warrant Shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-233260), previously
filed with the SEC on August 14, 2019, and declared effective by the SEC on November 19, 2019. 

Pursuant
to the January 2021 Purchase Agreement, in a concurrent private placement (the January 2021 Private Placement that also
closed on January 14, 2021, the Company issued to the Subsequent Investors, unregistered warrants to purchase up to 1,666,018 shares
of Common Stock (the January 2021 Warrants ). The January 2021 Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and terminate
five years following issuance and are exercisable at an exercise price of 4.9519 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth therein.
A holder of January 2021 Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its January 2021 Warrants if the holder, together
with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation; provided, however, that upon 61 days 
prior notice to the Company, the holder may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided that in no event shall
the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed 9.99 . 

The
January 2021 Warrants and the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the January 2021 Warrants (the January
2021 Warrant Shares were not registered under the Securities Act, were not offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement,
and were offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder
as a transaction by the issuer not involving a public offering. 

To
induce the Subsequent Investors into the January 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement,
dated January 12, 2021 (the January Registration Rights Agreement ), with the Subsequent Investors, pursuant to which, among
other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission this Registration Statement to register
for resale of all of the January 2021 Warrant Shares. 

Letter
Agreement with Alpha 

On
January 12, 2021 we entered into a letter agreement (the Letter Agreement with Alpha. Under the Letter Agreement, (i)
we agreed to register 1,791,923 of the Series B Warrant Shares issuable upon the exercise of Series B Warrants, (ii) the Series B Warrant
Shares will not be subject to an existing lock-up agreement between us and Alpha, and Alpha will no longer be subject to any limitations
on its ability to dispose of the Series B Warrant Shares that are imposed by us to the extent permitted by applicable rules and regulations,
(iii) Alpha agreed to limit its sales of Common Stock on each trading day to no more than 10 of the daily reported trading volume of
Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market for such trading day, provided, such limitation shall terminate if the closing price of our shares
of Common Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market exceeds 5.29 per share for five consecutive trading days and (iv) we will be free to waive
the terms and conditions of any lock-up agreement between us and any of the former shareholders of Jay Pharma Inc. without the consent
of, or notice to, Alpha once this registration statement registering the Series B Warrant Shares is declared effective by the SEC. 

47 

Stockholder Demand Letter 

On January 21, 2021,
we received a stockholder litigation demand letter from the law firm of Purcell Julie Lefkowitz LLP, on behalf of James
Self, a purported stockholder of our Company. The letter demands that we (i) deem ineffective the December 30, 2020 amendment
to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in which we effected a one-for-four reverse stock split of our common
stock due to the manner in which non-votes by brokers were tabulated, (ii) seek appropriate relief for damages allegedly suffered
by the company and its stockholders or seek a valid stockholder approval of the amendment and reverse stock split, and (iii) adopt
adequate internal controls to prevent a recurrence of the alleged misconduct. We dispute that the amendment was ineffective or
that there were any inadequate internal controls related to the same. However, to eliminate any questions about the amendment,
we intend to seek to ratify the amendment at a special stockholders meeting pursuant to Section 204 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law. This special stockholders meeting is scheduled to occur on May 14, 2021. 

February
2021 Registered Direct Offering 

On
February 8, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the February 2021 Purchase Agreement with the Subsequent
Investors, pursuant to which the Company issued and sold in a registered direct offering (the February 2021 Direct Offering an aggregate of 3,007,026 shares of our Common Stock at an offering price of 4.27 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately 12,800,000
before the deduction of fees and offering expenses. The offering closed on February 11, 2021. 

The
shares were offered by the Company pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-233260), previously filed with
the SEC on August 14, 2019, and declared effective by the SEC on November 19, 2019. 

Pursuant
to the February 2021 Purchase Agreement, in a concurrent private placement (the February 2021 Private Placement that also
closed on February 11, 2021, the Company issued to the Subsequent Investors, unregistered warrants to purchase up to 1,503,513 shares
of Common Stock (the February 2021 Warrants ). The February 2021 Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and
terminate five years following issuance and are exercisable at an exercise price of 4.90 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth
therein. A holder of February 2021 Warrants will not have the right to exercise any portion of its February 2021 Warrants if the holder,
together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation; provided, however, that upon 61
days prior notice to the Company, the holder may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, provided that in no
event shall the Beneficial Ownership Limitation exceed 9.99 . 

The
February 2021 Warrants and the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the February 2021 Warrants (the February
2021 Warrant Shares were not registered under the Securities Act, were not offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement,
and were offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder
as a transaction by the issuer not involving a public offering. 

To
induce the Subsequent Investors into the February 2021 Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement,
dated February 8, 2021 (the February Registration Rights Agreement ), with the Subsequent Investors, pursuant to which,
among other things, the Company agreed to prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission this Registration Statement to
register for resale of all of the February 2021 Warrant Shares. 

Palladium
Warrants 

In
connection with its role as financial advisor to the Company in the January 2021 Direct Offering, the January 2021 Private Placement,
the February 2021 Direct Offering and the February 2021 Private Placement, the Company issued Palladium 155,493 warrants with an exercise
price of 4.9519 and 210,492 warrants with an exercise price of 4.90 (the Palladium Warrants on February 11, 2021. The
Palladium Warrants and the shares of our Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Palladium Warrants (the Palladium Warrant
Shares were not registered under the Securities Act and were offered pursuant to the exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder as a transaction by the issuer not involving a public offering. 

Resale Registration Statement 

On February 16, 2021,
we filed a resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-253196) (the Resale Registration Statement registering
5,497,878 shares of our common stock, consisting of the Series B Warrant Shares, the January 2021 Warrant Shares, the February
2021 Warrant Shares, the Palladium Warrant Shares, 156,318 shares issued to former directors and officers of Ameri and 14,121
shares issued to a former consultant of the Company. We expect the Resale Registration Statement to be declared effective shortly
following the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
information required by this Item 8 is included at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

48 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file
or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the rules and
forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive) and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer) carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2020. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in paragraph (e) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) were not effective
as December 31, 2020 due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described below. 

Limitations
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

An
internal control system over financial reporting has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. However, these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though
not eliminate, this risk. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process used to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with the authorization of our board of directors and management; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial
statements. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer)
and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), we performed an assessment of the Company s
significant processes and key controls. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective as of December 31, 2020 due to the material weakness described below. 

A
material weakness is defined within the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Auditing Standard No. 5 as a deficiency or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We determined
that our internal control over financial reporting had the following material weaknesses: 

Due
 to the small size of the Company, the Company does not maintain sufficient segregation of duties to ensure the processing, review
 and authorization of all transactions including non-routine transactions. 

The
Company is evaluating these weaknesses to determine the appropriate remedy. Because disclosure controls and procedures include those
components of internal control over financial reporting that provide reasonable assurances that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, management also determined
that its disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the foregoing material weaknesses in its internal control
over financial reporting. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
the quarter ended December 31, 2020, the Company was in the process of remediating its material weaknesses and designing
an effective internal control environment. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

49 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the members of our board of directors (the Board and our executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Term
 of Office 
 
 Executive
 Officers and Directors 

David
 Johnson 
 
 64 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 John
 Van Buiten 
 
 34 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Avani
 Kanubaddi 
 
 48 
 
 Chief
 Operations Officer 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Robert
 Wilkins 
 
 66 
 
 Chief
 Medical Officer 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Non-Employee
 Directors 

George
 Kegler 
 
 64 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Audit Committee 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Sol
 Mayer 
 
 57 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Dr.
 Marcus Schabacker 
 
 57 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Since
 December 2020 
 
 Dr.
 Douglas Lind 
 
 61 
 
 Director 
 
 Since
 March 2021 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

David
Johnson has served as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Enveric since December 30, 2020. Mr. Johnson also has served on
the board of directors and as the Chief Executive Officer of Aquamed Technologies, Inc. since April 2019. Mr. Johnson formerly served
on the board of directors and as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Alliqua BioMedical, Inc. from November 2012 until April
2019. Mr. Johnson was formerly President of the ConvaTec Division of Bristol-Myers Squibb, Inc. until 2008 when he orchestrated a sale
of the division from its pharmaceutical parent to Avista Capital Partners and Nordic Capital in a deal valued at 4.1 billion. Concurrently,
he acquired and integrated the assets of Copenhagen-based Unomedical to expand ConvaTec Inc. s manufacturing and infrastructure
into Europe. From 2008 through 2012, Mr. Johnson served as the Chief Executive Officer of ConvaTec Inc. Prior to his tenure with ConvaTec
Inc., Mr. Johnson held several senior positions in the U.S., Europe and Canada with Zimmer Inc., Fisher Scientific, and Baxter Corporation.
He served as a member of ConvaTec Inc. s board of directors and the board of the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed),
where he chaired the Global Wound Sector Team for four years. Mr. Johnson received an Undergraduate Business Degree in Marketing from
the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, completed the INSEAD Advanced Management Program in Fontainbleau,
France, and is a fellow from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Johnson s extensive experience in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology fields, as well as his executive leadership experience, make him an asset that will serve as a bridge between the board
of directors and our executive officers. 

John
Van Buiten has served as our Chief Financial Officer of Enveric since December 30, 2020. Mr. Van Buiten had served as Chief Financial
Officer of Jay Pharma since December 17, 2018 and resigned on January 8, 2020. Mr. Van Buiten is an experienced finance executive with
extensive background in public company accounting and financial reporting. He currently serves as a manager at Financial Consulting Strategies,
LLC FCS ), preparing annual and quarterly SEC filings for clients in a wide range of industries and sizes. Mr. Van Buiten
has been employed by FCS since April 2010, and in addition to his position at Enveric, he served as the Chief Financial Officer of Tikkun
under contract with FCS . He is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Avani
Kanubaddi has served as our Chief Operating Officer since December 30, 2020. Mr. Kanubaddi is an entrepreneur
and business leader who has a passion for health and healing. From September 2019 through December 2020, Mr. Kanubaddi
was the President Chief Operating Officer of NEXGEL, Inc. NEXGEL ), an FDA registered, ISO certified
advanced hydrogel manufacturer serving the OTC, cosmetic and medical device markets around the world. At NEXGEL, Mr. Kanubaddi
led the rebranding, repositioning and overall strategy for the company to accelerate growth and drive innovation. This included
rebranding the company as NEXGEL, branding the company s unique hydrogels, developing a robust white label catalog, architecting
an innovation engine to fill the pipeline with new concepts and guiding the company s first-ever branded product launches.
In addition to NEXGEL, since August 2018, Mr. Kanubaddi has also served as the Senior Partner at IQ/EQ Brand
Strategy, where he assists companies in developing go to market strategies, branding and naming exercises and new
product innovation for consumer, medical device and prescription companies. Prior to his consulting career, from February 2007
to September 2019, Mr. Kanubaddi was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Welmedix Healthcare, where he developed
innovative skin and wound care solutions to improve health and healing with an eye towards whole person wellness. During his
tenure, he led the company to develop three unique brands with patented solutions, gaining distribution in over 20,000 retail
outlets, including Walmart, Walgreens, CVS and others. After building some of the fastest growing brands in their respective categories,
Welmedix sold its leading brands to a private-equity backed healthcare company. Before his entrepreneurial venture, Mr. Kanubaddi
began his 25+ year career in the healthcare industry at two leading companies Wyeth (now Pfizer) and Bristol Myers
Squibb s ConvaTec Division. While working with market leading brands like Centrum, Advil and Chapstick; medical devices
and hospital businesses including Aloe Vesta, DuoDerm and Sur-Fit Natura, Mr. Kanubaddi held positions of increasing responsibility
across the functional areas of brand management, sales, new product development and new ventures. 

50 

Mr.
Kanubaddi holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and BS in Marketing from Miami University. Mr. Kanubaddi also served on the Board
of Directors for the Consumer Healthcare Products Association (CHPA), the leading industry trade group for consumer healthcare in the
United States. 

Dr.
Robert Wilkins has served as our Chief Medical Officer since December 30, 2020. Since November 2017, Dr. Wilkins
has provided consulting services in areas such as market assessment, business plan development and implementation and clinical
and regulatory planning and support to healthcare and life sciences companies ranging from start-ups to Fortune 500 companies
through QPS Consulting, LLC, which he founded in November 2017. Dr. Wilkins formerly served as Vice President of Strategy at Battelle
Memorial Institute from February 2012 to November 2017, in which capacity he was responsible for management of subsidiaries, spin-outs
and venture-class investments. As Vice President of Strategy, Dr. Wilkins oversaw the sale of Bluefin Robotics to General Dynamics
and managed the divestiture of several other Battelle Ventures portfolio companies. During his time at Battelle, Dr. Wilkins also
served as a member of Battelle s Growth Council, the Battelle Ventures Advisory Board, the Board of Directors of Hepregen
Corporation and the Board of Managers of Armada Power LLC, and he was responsible for creating and leading Battelle s Corporate
Strategy team. From May 2006 until its merger with MID Inc. in May 2011, Dr. Wilkins served as President and Chief Executive Officer
of Endovalve Inc., where he managed the product development process and significantly expanded the company s intellectual
property portfolio. Prior to his tenure with Endovalve Inc., Dr. Wilkins served in senior positions with GlucoLight Corporation,
Datascope Corp., Physiometrix Inc., Baxter Healthcare, Abbott Laboratories, Vifor Pharma and TIL Medical Ltd. Dr. Wilkins received
an MBChB from the University of Manchester and received an FRCA in Anesthesiology from the Royal College of Anaesthetists. Dr.
Wilkins extensive experience in both product development and business strategy in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology
fields will be invaluable to the Company s development. 

Non-Employee
Directors 

George
Kegler has served as a non-employee director of the Company since December 30, 2020. Mr. Kegler was employed
by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals from January 2013 to June 2019, serving as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer, Interim from December 2018 to May 2019, where he had responsibility for the global finance function and was a
member of the executive committee, Vice President Finance from November 2016 to November 2018, President Specialty Generics
(Interim) and Vice President Finance from July 2016 to October 2016, and Vice President, Finance from January 2013 to June
2016. He has served in various consulting roles since June 2019, which ended in March 2020. Mr. Kegler has 40 years of
experience in financial planning and analysis, corporate finance, controllership and business development. Previously Mr. Kegler
served as the vice president of commercial finance for various businesses within Mallinckrodt and was also interim president of
the company s specialty generics business. Prior to joining Mallinckrodt, he was the chief financial officer for Convatec
a private equity-owned company that was purchased from Bristol-Myers Squibb. He worked in various finance roles within Bristol-Myers
Squibb including commercial, International, technical operations, research development as well as the assistant controller
of internal controls. Mr. Kegler holds a bachelor s degree in accounting from the University of Missouri, an MBA from Saint
Louis University and completed the Certified Public Accountant exam in Missouri. 

Sol
Mayer has served as a non-employee director of the Company since December 30, 2020. Mr. Mayer has served as a
member of the board of directors of DropCar, Inc (NASDAQ: DCAR) from 2018 through May of 2020. He has served as President and
Chief Executive Officer of Mooney Aviation Company, a private company that manufactures four-place, single-engine and piston-powered
aircraft, since 1999. He was a member of the board of directors of Microbot Medical, Inc (NASDAQ: MBOT) from 2014-2017. Prior
to that time, he held the position of Chief Executive Officer of, Overseas Trading, a department store wholesaler. Mr. Mayer currently
serves as a director of Laniado Hospital, a voluntary, not-for-profit hospital in Netanya, Israel, as well as a director of several
private companies. He previously served as a consultant to and director of each of Innovative Food Holdings, a provider of sourcing,
preparation and delivery of specialty/fresh food for both professional chefs and consumers, and BlastGard International Inc.,
which manufactures and markets proprietary blast mitigation materials, in each case, from 2002 until 2016. 

Dr.
Marcus Schabacker has served as a non-employee director of the Company since December 30, 2020. Since January 2018,
Dr. Schabacker has served as president and chief executive officer of the ECRI Institute, a nonprofit organization
with 500 employees and an operating budget of 70 million focusing on advancing evidenced-based, effective healthcare globally.
Prior to joining ECRI, Dr. Schabacker worked at Baxter Healthcare Corporation, serving as corporate vice president and chief scientific
officer from July 2015 to May 2017, chairman of the executive quality council from March 2014 to May 2017, Chief
Scientific Officer, Medical Products from July 2014 to July 2015, and Vice President, R D, Medical Products from March
2011 to July 2014. During his clinical years, and his time as an industry thought leader, Dr. Schabacker was focused on
patient safety and enhancing patient care. For over a decade Dr. Schabacker has served on numerous boards of small and midsize
companies and organizations, providing management with guidance and expertise to strategically accelerate growth and to build
successful and sustainable high performing management teams. 

51 

Dr.
Schabacker is a board-certified anesthesiologist and intensive care specialist with more than 35 years of healthcare experience in complex
global environments, and more than 20 years of senior leadership responsibilities serving the medical device and pharmaceutical industries
across the healthcare value chain. 

After
his medical and academic training at the Medical University of Lubeck, Germany, Dr. Schabacker served as senior medical officer and head
of the intensive care and anesthesia department at the Mafikeng General Hospital, North-West Province, South Africa. His work there was
part of a humanitarian aid program to support the African National Congress government under Nelson Mandela in the restructuring and
buildup of a rural healthcare system in post-apartheid South Africa. Upon his return from Africa, Dr. Schabacker joined the medical device
industry and held roles of increasing responsibility in medical affairs, preclinical and clinical development, regulatory affairs, quality,
research and development, and patient safety. His experience includes designing, transforming, and leading organizations of up to 4,000
employees across five continents to provide safe and effective products to patients and healthcare providers worldwide. 

Dr.
Schabacker achieved his board certification in anesthesia and intensive care, as well as a doctorate in medicine, from the Medical University,
Lubeck, Germany. He also received certifications in emergency medicine and disaster medicine. He is an affiliate assistant professor
at The Stritch School of Medicine at Loyola University Chicago. 

Dr. Douglas Lind
 has served as a non-employee director of the Company since March 17, 2021. Dr. Lind is a co-founder and Managing Partner at
Biomark Capital, a Greenwich, CT-based healthcare venture firm. There, his investment focus has included cellular therapy, medical
imaging, peripheral vascular disease, and oncology. Dr. Lind has more than 30 years of experience in a variety of life science
related professions, ranging from former practicing physician to senior Wall Street equity research analyst at Morgan Stanley.
Dr. Lind is a graduate of the University of Iowa College of Medicine. He was a practicing physician in Brookline, Massachusetts.
He served as an attending physician at St. Elizabeth s Hospital in Boston, a major teaching affiliate of Tufts University
School of Medicine, where he completed his residency training in Internal Medicine. 

52 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among our directors and executive officers. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity
securities. Officers, directors and greater-than-10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section
16(a) forms they file. 

To
our knowledge, based solely on a review of copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports
were required, each of our directors, officers and ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements
applicable to them during the year ended December 31 2020. 

Corporate
Governance 

Enveric,
with the oversight of the board of directors and its committees, operates within a comprehensive plan of corporate governance for the
purpose of defining independence, assigning responsibilities, setting high standards of professional and personal conduct and assuring
compliance with such responsibilities and standards. We regularly monitor developments in the area of corporate governance. 

Code
of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy 

We
have adopted a Code of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy that applies to our directors, officers, employees and certain
persons performing services for us. The Code of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy addresses, among other things,
competition and fair dealing, conflicts of interest, protection and proper use of Company assets, government relations, compliance with
laws, rules and regulations and the process for reporting violations of the Code of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy,
employee misconduct, improper conflicts of interest or other violations. Our Code of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy
is available on our website at www.enveric.com in the Corporate Governance section found under the Investors 
tab. We intend to disclose any amendments to, or waivers from, our Code of Corporate Conduct and Ethics and Whistleblower Policy at the
same website address provided above. 

Board
Composition 

Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide that our board will consist of such number of directors as determined
from time to time by resolution adopted by our Board. The size of our board is currently fixed at five (5) directors. Subject to any
rights applicable to any then-outstanding shares of preferred stock, any vacancies or newly created directorships resulting from an increase
in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office. Stockholders vote to elect directors
with a term then expiring each year at our annual meeting. 

We
have no formal policy regarding board diversity. Our board believes that each director should have a basic understanding of the principal
operational and financial objectives and plans and strategies of the Company, our results of operations and financial condition and relative
standing in relation to our competitors. We take into consideration the overall composition and diversity of the board and areas of expertise
that director nominees may be able to offer, including business experience, knowledge, abilities and customer relationships. Generally,
we will strive to assemble a board that brings to us a variety of perspectives and skills derived from business and professional experience
as we may deem are in our and our stockholders best interests. In doing so, we will also consider candidates with appropriate
non-business backgrounds. 

53 

Director
Independence 

We
are currently listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market and therefore rely on the definition of independence set forth in the NASDAQ
Listing Rules NASDAQ Rules ). Under the NASDAQ Rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director 
if, in the opinion of our board, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director
concerning his background, employment, and affiliations, including family relationships, we have determined that Mr. Kegler, Mr.
Mayer, Dr. Schabacker and Dr. Lind have no material relationships with us that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment and are independent directors as that term is defined in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Board
Committees, Meetings and Attendance 

From
the date of the completion of the Offer until December 31, 2020, the Board held zero meetings (but acted by written consent on one occasion).
We expect our directors to attend board meetings, meetings of any committees and subcommittees on which they serve and each annual meeting
of stockholders. 

The
board delegates various responsibilities and authority to different board committees. Committees regularly report on their activities
and actions to the full board. Currently, the board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Committee assignments are re-evaluated annually. Each of these standing committees
operates under a charter that has been approved by our Board. The current charter of each of these committees is available on
our website at www.enveric.com in the Corporate Governance section under Investors. 

The
following table sets forth the membership of each of the Board committees listed above. 

Name 
 
 Audit
 Committee 
 
 Compensation
 Committee 
 
 Nominating
 and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 David
 Johnson 

George
 Kegler 
 
 Chairman 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Sol
 Mayer 

X 
 
 Chairman 
 
 Dr.
 Marcus Schabacker 
 
 X 
 
 Chairman 
 
 X 
 
 Dr.
 Douglas Lind 
 
 X 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

approving
 and retaining the independent auditors to conduct the annual audit of our financial statements; 

reviewing
 the proposed scope and results of the audit; 

reviewing
 and pre-approving audit and non-audit fees and services; 

reviewing
 accounting and financial controls with the independent auditors and our financial and accounting staff; 

reviewing
 and approving transactions between us and our directors, officers and affiliates; 

recognizing
 and preventing prohibited non-audit services; 

establishing
 procedures for complaints received by us regarding accounting matters; 

overseeing
 internal audit functions, if any; and 

preparing
 the report of the audit committee that the rules of the SEC require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

As
of March 30, 2021, the members of our Audit Committee were George Kegler (chairman), Dr. Douglas Lind, and Dr. Marcus Schabacker. Our
Board has determined that Mr. Kegler, Dr. Lind and Dr. Schabacker are independent in accordance with NASDAQ Rules and Rule 10A-3 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our Board has also reviewed the education, experience
and other qualifications of each member of the Audit Committee. Based upon that review, our Board has determined that Mr. Kegler qualifies
as an audit committee financial expert, as defined by the rules of the SEC. The Audit Committee did not meet from the date
of the completion of the Offer until December 31, 2020. 

54 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

reviewing
 and recommending the compensation arrangements for management, including the compensation for our president and chief executive
 officer; 

establishing
 and reviewing general compensation policies with the objective to attract and retain superior talent, to reward individual
 performance and to achieve our financial goals; 

administering
 our stock incentive plans; and 

preparing
 the report of the compensation committee that the rules of the SEC require to be included in our annual meeting proxy statement. 

As
of March 30, 2021, the members of our Compensation Committee were Dr. Marcus Schabacker (chairman), Sol Mayer and George
Kegler. Our Board has determined that Dr. Schabacker, Mr. Mayer and Mr. Kegler are independent in accordance with NASDAQ Rules.
The Compensation Committee has the authority to delegate to subcommittees of the Compensation Committee any of the responsibilities
of the full committee. The Compensation Committee did not meet from the date of the completion of the Offer until December 31,
2020. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other matters: 

evaluating
 the current composition, organization and governance of the board and its committees, and making recommendations for changes
 thereto; 

reviewing
 each director and nominee annually; 

determining
 desired board member skills and attributes and conducting searches for prospective members accordingly; 

evaluating
 nominees, and making recommendations to the Board concerning the appointment of directors to board committees, the selection
 of board committee chairs, proposal of the slate of directors for election to the board, and the termination of membership
 of individual directors in accordance with the board s governance principles; 

overseeing
 the process of succession planning for the chief executive officer and, as warranted, other senior officers of the Company; 

developing,
 adopting and overseeing the implementation of a code of business conduct and ethics; and 

administering
 the annual board performance evaluation process. 

As
of March 30, 2021, the members of our Compensation Committee were Sol Mayer (chairman), Dr. Marcus Schabacker and George
Kegler. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee did not meet from the date of the completion of the Offer until December
31, 2020. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth total compensation paid to the named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 David Johnson (1) 
 2020 
 
 100,000 
 
 100,000 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 2019 

John Van Buiten (2) 
 2020 

Chief Financial Officer 
 2019 

102,000 
 102,000 

Avani Kanubaddi (3) 
 2020 
 
 60,000 
 
 60,000 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2019 

Brent Kelton (4) 
 2020 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2019 
 250,000 

250,000 

Barry Kostiner (5) 
 2020 
 200,000 

200,000 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 
 2019 
 200,000 

200,000 

Srinidhi (Dev) Devanur 
 2020 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Former Executive Chairman 
 2019 
 250,000 

250,000 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Johnson was appointed as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on December 30, 2020. 

55 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Van Buiten was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of Jay Pharma on December 17, 2018 and resigned on January 8, 2020. Mr.
 Van Buiten was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on December 30, 2020. Mr. Van Buiten s compensation
 is earned through his employment at Financial Consulting Strategies LLC. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Kanubaddi was appointed as Chief Operating Officer on December 30, 2020. 

(4) 
 Resigned
 from such position on December 30, 2020. 

(5) 
 Resigned
 from such position and began to serve as a consultant on December 30, 2020. 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

Prior
to the completion of the Offer, and in connection with the execution of that certain Amalgamation Agreement, dated January 10,
2020, by and among the Company (f/k/a Ameri), Jay Pharma, Jay Pharma Merger Sub, Inc., 1236567 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company
and Barry Kostiner, as the Ameri representative, which predates the Tender Agreement, Jay Pharma entered into an employment agreement
with Mr. Johnson, whereby Mr. Johnson would serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company upon the completion
of the Offer (the Johnson Employment Agreement ). In addition, prior to the completion of the Offer, and to be contingent
and effective upon the completion of the Offer, the Company entered into executive employment agreements with Mr. Kanubaddi (the
 Kanubaddi Employment Agreement , and together with the Johnson Employment Agreement, the Executive Employment
Agreements ). In addition, pursuant to the Tender Agreement, on December 29, 2020, the Company entered into a consulting
agreement with Barry Kostiner (the Kostiner Consulting Agreement ), to be effective upon the completion of the Offer. 

Johnson
Employment Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Johnson Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, Mr. Johnson serves in the position of Chief Executive Officer and
Chairman of the Company following the completion of the Offer. Mr. Johnson is entitled to a base salary of 250,000 and an annual
bonus in the amount of 100,000 (provided, however, that if Mr. Johnson s position is changed such that he no longer serves
as Chief Executive Officer and only serves as Chairman of the Company, he will only be entitled to a base salary of 100,000 beginning
with the first day of the month following such change). Mr. Johnson is also eligible to receive annual performance bonuses based
on satisfaction of performance criteria/financial results, as determined by the board of directors of the Company in its sole
discretion. Within 30 days after the completion of the Offer, Mr. Johnson will be granted an award of restricted stock units that
represent, in the aggregate, 5 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock determined on a fully diluted basis
as of the date of grant. Mr. Johnson will also be eligible to receive additional equity awards, as determined by the Company in
its sole discretion. 

Under
the terms of the Johnson Employment Agreement, Mr. Johnson s employment may be terminated by either the Company or Mr. Johnson
at any time and for any reason with 30 days advance written notice. Upon termination of Mr. Johnson s employment,
Mr. Johnson will receive (i) his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination, (ii) any accrued and unpaid
time off or similar pay to which Mr. Johnson is entitled as a matter of law or Company policy, (iii) any amounts due to Mr. Johnson
under the terms of the benefit plans, and (iv) any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the date of termination (the
 Johnson Accrued Obligations ). 

If
the Company terminates Mr. Johnson s employment for cause (as defined below) or Mr. Johnson resigns without good reason
(as defined below), the Company, at its sole discretion, may shorten the notice period and determine the date of termination without
any obligation to pay any additional compensation other than the Johnson Accrued Obligations and without triggering a termination
of Mr. Johnson s employment without cause. If the Company terminates Mr. Johnson s employment without cause or Mr.
Johnson resigns for good reason at any time, Mr. Johnson is entitled to the following severance payments and benefits: (i) his
full annual base salary less applicable deductions and withholdings; plus (ii) any earned but unpaid annual bonus and performance
bonus, if any, for the year of the termination. 

The
Johnson Employment Agreement also contains certain standard non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality requirements
for Mr. Johnson. 

56 

Kanubaddi
Employment Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Kanubaddi Employment Agreement, dated December 2, 2020, Mr. Kanubaddi serves in the position of Chief Operating Officer
of the Company following the completion of the Offer. Mr. Kanubaddi is entitled to a base salary of 295,000 and a closing bonus
in the amount of 60,000. Mr. Kanubaddi is also eligible to receive annual performance bonuses of up to 50 of his base salary
based on satisfaction of performance criteria/financial results, as determined by the board of directors of the Company in its
sole discretion. Within 30 days after the completion of the Offer, Mr. Kanubaddi will be granted an award of restricted stock
units that represent, in the aggregate, 3 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock determined on a fully diluted
basis as of the date of grant. Mr. Kanubaddi will also be eligible to receive additional equity awards, as determined by the Company
in its sole discretion. 

Under
the terms of the Kanubaddi Employment Agreement, Mr. Kanubaddi s employment may be terminated by either the Company or Mr.
Kanubaddi at any time and for any reason with 30 days advance written notice. Upon termination of Mr. Kanubaddi s
employment, Mr. Kanubaddi will receive (i) his fully earned but unpaid base salary through the date of termination, (ii) any accrued
and unpaid time off or similar pay to which Mr. Kanubaddi is entitled as a matter of law or Company policy, (iii) any amounts
due to Mr. Kanubaddi under the terms of the benefit plans, and (iv) any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred prior to the date
of termination (the Kanubaddi Accrued Obligations ). 

If
the Company terminates Mr. Kanubaddi s employment for cause (as defined below) or Mr. Kanubaddi resigns without good reason
(as defined below), the Company, at its sole discretion, may shorten the notice period and determine the date of termination without
any obligation to pay any additional compensation other than the Kanubaddi Accrued Obligations and without triggering a termination
of Mr. Kanubaddi s employment without cause. If the Company terminates Mr. Kanubaddi s employment without cause or
Mr. Kanubaddi resigns for good reason at any time, Mr. Kanubaddi is entitled to the following severance payments and benefits:
(i) his full annual base salary less applicable deductions and withholdings; plus (ii) any earned but unpaid performance bonus,
if any, for the year of the termination. 

The
Kanubaddi Employment Agreement also contains certain standard non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality requirements
for Mr. Kanubaddi. 

For
purposes of the Executive Employment Agreements: 

Cause 
shall mean a termination of employment because of (i) the executive s failure or refusal to perform the duties of the executive s
position in a manner causing material detriment to the Company; (ii) the executive s willful misconduct with regard to the
Company or its business, assets or executives (including, without limitation, his fraud, embezzlement, intentional misrepresentation,
misappropriation, conversion or other act of dishonesty with regard to the Company; (iii) the executive s commission of
an act or acts constituting a felony or any crime involving fraud or dishonesty as determined in good faith by the Company; (iv)
the executive s breach of a fiduciary duty owed to the Company; (v) any material breach of the employment agreement or any
other agreement with the Company; or (vi) any injury, illness or incapacity which shall wholly or continuously disable the executive
from performing the essential functions of the executive s position for any successive or intermittent period of at least
12 months. 

Good
reason shall mean a termination of employment because of: (i) a materially adverse diminution in the execution s
role or responsibilities without the executive s consent, provided that the parties to the employment agreement agree that
it shall not be considered a diminution in the executive s role or responsibilities if he ceases serving as Chief Executive
Officer provided he remains Chairman; or (ii) any material breach of the employment agreement by the Company or any other agreement
with the executive. 

The
foregoing descriptions of the Executive Employment Agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified entirely by reference
to the full text of the Executive Employment Agreements, with the Johnson Employment Agreement, the Kanubaddi Employment Agreement
and the Kostiner Consulting Agreement attached hereto as Exhibits 10.17, 10.18 and 10.20, respectively, which in
each case is incorporated by reference herein. 

Terms
of John Van Buiten s Employment. 

Pursuant
to the Consulting and Advisory Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2018, as amended by and between Enveric and Financial Consulting
Strategies LLC FCS ), Mr. Van Buiten served as Chief Financial Officer of Jay Pharma Inc. Pursuant to the consulting
agreement, FCS provided certain financial services for a fee of 8,500 per month for each month Mr. Van Buiten served as Chief
Financial Officer. As such, Mr. Van Buiten s compensation was earned through his employment at FCS. Mr. Buiten resigned
as Chief Financial Officer on January 8, 2020 and was re-appointed on December 30, 2020. 

57 

The
consulting agreement may be terminated with 30 days written notice by Enveric or FCS. The agreement with FCS also contains
certain confidentiality requirements for FCS and Mr. Van Buiten. 

Independent
Contractor Agreement with David Johnson 

Jay
Pharma entered into an independent contractor agreement with Mr. Johnson on January 2, 2020. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Johnson
provided certain consulting services in connection with the Offer beginning on January 1, 2020 through the completion of the Offer.
Mr. Johnson was entitled to (i) 15,000 per month, and (ii) 100,000 on the closing date. The agreement was terminable by Jay
Pharma and Mr. Johnson for any reason upon 30 days written notice. 

Kostiner
Consulting Agreement 

Pursuant
to the Kostiner Consulting Agreement, dated December 29, 2020, Mr. Kostiner will serve as a consultant to the Company following
the completion of the Offer for a period of 12 months following the closing of the Offer. Mr. Kostiner will be entitled to a total
compensation of 120,000 (the Fee under the Kostiner Consulting Agreement, payable in monthly installments of 10,000. 

Under
the terms of the Kostiner Consulting Agreement, Mr. Kostiner s consulting services may be terminated by either the Company
or Mr. Kostiner at any time and for any reason. In the event that either Mr. Kostiner or the Company terminates the Kostiner Consulting
Agreement prior to the end of the term thereof, the Company will continue to make monthly payments of 10,000 to Mr. Kostiner
until the full amount of the Fee has been paid. 

The
Kostiner Consulting Agreement also contains certain standard non-solicitation, non-disparagement and confidentiality requirements
for Mr. Kostiner. 

Devanur
Employment Agreement 

On
December 11, 2018, in connection with the appointment of Mr.
Devanur as Executive Chairman, the Company and Mr. Devanur entered into an amended and restated employment agreement (the Devanur
Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay Mr. Devanur a base salary of 250,000 per year. The
term of the Devanur Employment Agreement was initially for three years. Additionally, Mr. Devanur was eligible to earn a bonus
of up to 100 of his base salary upon the achievement of pre-established performance targets set by the board of directors. 

Kostiner
Employment Letter 

On
October 17, 2018, pursuant to an employment letter (the Kostiner Employment Letter ), Mr. Kostiner received an annual
base salary of 200,000 and be eligible for bonus payments of up to an aggregate of 50,000 as determined by our board of directors,
based on meeting and exceeding mutually agreed upon annual performance goals. Additionally, Mr. Kostiner received an option to
purchase 6,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date
and expiring on the fifth anniversary of the grant date. The option vests in thirds on each of the first through third anniversaries
of October 17, 2018, the grant date. 

The
Kostiner Employment Letter had a term lasting through December 31, 2019, subject to automatic one-year renewals thereafter, unless
the Company or Mr. Kostiner delivered written notice of non-renewal to the other party at least 60 days prior to the relevant
renewal date. In addition, the Kostiner Employment Letter was subject to early termination by him or the Company in accordance
with the terms of the Kostiner Employment Letter. The Kostiner Employment Letter also contained covenants restricting Mr. Kostiner
from soliciting the Company s employees or customers for a period of two years after the termination of Mr. Kostiner s
employment with the Company, and prohibiting him from disclosure of confidential information regarding the Company at any time. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As
of December 31, 2020, there were no outstanding equity awards that have been previously awarded to each of our named executive
officers and which remained outstanding. 

Potential
Payments Upon Termination of Employment or Change in Control 

None
of our named executive officers has a contract in place for termination or change in control payments. 

58 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table presents the total compensation for each person who served as a member of our board of directors during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2020. Other than set forth in the table and described more follow below, we did not pay any compensation,
reimburse any expense of, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the other members
of our board of directors in 2020. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Equity awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Srinidhi Dev Devanur 

Dimitrios J. Angelis 
 120,000 
 
 120,000 
 
 Carmo Martella 
 120,000 
 
 120,000 
 
 Thoranath Sukumaran 
 120,000 
 
 120,000 
 
 George Kegler 

Sol Mayer 

Marcus Schabacker 

Douglas Lind 

Incentive
Plans 

Enveric
Biosciences, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

Pursuant
to the Tender Agreement, effective as of the effective time of the Offer, the Company adopted the Enveric Biosciences, Inc. 2020
Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan ). The 2020 Plan provides for the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified
stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, dividend equivalent rights
and other awards which may be granted singly, in combination or in tandem, and which may be paid in shares of Common Stock. 

The
foregoing description of the 2020 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified entirely by reference to the full text
of the 2020 Plan, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.21 and is incorporated by reference herein. 

In
connection with the 2020 Plan, the Board adopted a form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, which is attached hereto as
Exhibit 10.22 and is incorporated by reference herein. Restricted stock units granted to participants pursuant to the Restricted
Stock Unit Award Agreement may be converted into the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of restricted stock
units, with each restricted stock unit to represent a notional share of Common Stock, with a value equal to the fair market value
of a share of common stock at any time. 

Ameri
2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan 

On
April 20, 2015, the Ameri board of directors and the holder of a majority of the outstanding shares of Ameri s common stock
approved the adoption of the 2015 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Ameri Equity Plan and a grant of discretionary
authority to the executive officers to implement and administer the Ameri Equity Plan. The Ameri Equity Plan allowed for the issuance
of up to 2,000,000 shares of Ameri common stock for award grants (all of which can be incentive stock options). The Ameri Equity
Plan provides equity-based compensation through the grant of cash-based awards, nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options,
stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units
and other stock-based awards. The Ameri 2015 Equity Incentive Plan was terminated in accordance with the completion of the Offer. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information regarding the weighted-average exercise price of options issued by Enveric as of December
31, 2020. Such issuances were approved by Enveric s board of directors outside of an equity compensation plan. 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining
 for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 929,765 
 1.53 

Total 
 929,765 
 1.53 

59 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth the names and number of common shares beneficially owned as of March 29, 2021 (including shares
of common stock issuable within sixty (60) days of that date upon exercise or conversion of securities that entitle the holders
thereof to obtain common stock upon exercise or conversion in accordance with the terms thereof) by (i) those persons who are
known to us to be the beneficial owner(s) of more than five percent (5 of our common stock, (ii) each of our directors and named
executive officers and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, the beneficial
owners listed in the table below possess the sole voting and dispositive power in regard to such shares and have an address of
c/o Enveric Biosciences, Inc., 4851 Tamiami Trail N, Suite 200, Naples, FL 34103. As of March 29, 2021, there were 19,450,507
shares of common stock of the Company outstanding. 

Name 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Shares Outstanding 
 
 Directors and Officers 

David Johnson 
 - 

Avani Kanubaddi 
 - 

John Van Buiten 
 - 

George Kegler 
 - 

Marcus Schabaker 
 - 

Sol Mayer 
 - 

Douglas Lind 
 - 

All directors and officers as a group of seven (7) persons 
 - 

Five Percent (5 Stockholders 

Alpha Capital Anstalt 
 2,159,220 (1) 
 9.99 
 
 David Stefansky 
 1,288,816 (2) 
 6.56 
 
 TO Pharmaceuticals 
 2,299,001 (3) 
 11.82 

Represents less than 1 

(1) 
 The address of
 Alpha Capital Anstalt is Lettstrasse 32, FL-9490 Vaduz, Furstentums, Liechtenstein. Alpha Capital Anstalt is the beneficial
 owner of 2,159,220 shares of Common Stock including (i) 513 shares of Common Stock and (ii) 2,158,707 shares of Common Stock
 underlying warrants that are currently exercisable. Nicola Feuerstein, Director of Alpha Capital Anstalt, exercises voting power and dispositive power
 over such shares of Common Stock. As of March 29, 2021, Alpha Capital Anstalt owns additional warrants that would be exercisable
 up to 1,500,440 additional shares of Common Stock, except for a limitation set forth in the warrant agreements that restricts
 Alpha Capital Anstalt s ability to exercise the warrants if such exercise would result in Alpha Capital Anstalt (including
 its affiliates) owning more than 9.99 of the Company s currently outstanding number of shares of Common Stock. Thus,
 the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock beneficially owned by Alpha Capital Anstalt as of March 29, 2021
 was 2,159,220, which represents 9.99 beneficial ownership of the 19,449,975 shares of the Common Stock of the Company that
 were outstanding as of March 29, 2021. 

(2) 
 The address of
 David Stefansky and Bezalel Partners, LLC is 265 E. 66th St., Apt. 6C, New York, NY 10065. Includes (i) 931,855 shares of
 Common Stock held through Bezalel Partners, LLC Bezalel ), (ii) 150,836 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Stefansky,
 and (iii) options held by Mr. Stefansky to purchase up to 206,125 shares of Common Stock that are currently exercisable. Mr.
 Stefansky is the natural person with voting and dispositive power over shares of Bezalel and is deemed to have beneficial
 ownership of the shares held by Bezalel. 

(3) 
 Based on a Schedule
 13G filed February 10, 2021 by TO Pharmaceuticals LLC and TOP Invest LLC. The address of TO Pharmaceuticals and TOP Invest
 LLC is TO Pharmaceuticals, 77 Water St., 8th Floor, New York, New York 10005. According to the Schedule 13G, TO Pharmaceuticals
 LLC and TOP Invest LLC each have sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 2,299,001 shares of Common Stock. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Described
below are transactions occurring since January 1, 2020 and any currently proposed transactions to which Jay Pharma was a party
and in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000, or (ii) 1 of the average of Jay Pharma s total
 assets at December 31, 2019 and December 30, 2020; and 

a
 director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of Jay Pharma s outstanding capital stock, or any member of such
 person s immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, excluding compensation arrangements
 described above. 

Employment
and Consulting Agreements 

Independent
Contractor Agreement with Barry Kostiner 

Jay
Pharma and Barry Kostiner entered into an independent contractor agreement on January 10, 2020 (the January Agreement ).
Pursuant to the January Agreement, Mr. Kostiner agreed to provide consulting services to Jay Pharma effective December 1, 2019.
The January Agreement was terminated effective April 30, 2020. Mr. Kostiner earned 10,000 per month over the term of the January
Agreement. 

60 

Agreements
with Tikkun 

Assignment
and Assumption Agreements 

On
January 10, 2020, Jay Pharma entered into two assignment and assumption agreements, pursuant to which, upon the satisfaction of
all closing conditions to the Offer, affiliates of Tikkun would assign to Jay Pharma all of such affiliates in-licensed
and developed rights based on certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreements, effective January 12, 2018, pursuant to which
Jay Pharma entered into two in-licensing U.S. and rest of world rights to the limited pharmaceutical business (including cancer)
from TOP and TOCI, respectively, each as amended by a First Amendment entered January 10, 2020, with: 

(i) TOP and Tikkun regarding all of Tikkun s (i) in-licensed rights and obligations to commercialize pharmaceutical
products related to GVHD under the relevant Sublicense in the U.S. and (ii) certain skincare business and all of
Tikkun s rights related thereto as of the January 10, 2020 effective date. Jay Pharma agreed to issue 8,288,006 common
shares of Jay Pharma to Tikkun in exchange for these rights; and 

(ii)
TOCI and Tikkun regarding all of Tikkun s in-licensed rights and obligations to commercialize pharmaceutical products related
to GVHD under the relevant sublicense anywhere in the world outside the U.S. Jay Pharma agreed to issue 2,072,001 common shares
of Jay Pharma to Tikkun in exchange for these rights. 

On
August 12, 2020, Jay Pharma and the applicable Tikkun affiliates entered into the First Amendment to the Tikkun Agreements, pursuant
to which all references to the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the amalgamation were revised to be references to the Tender
Agreement and the Offer, as applicable. 

On
October 2, 2020, Jay Pharma and the applicable Tikkun affiliates entered into the Second Amendment to the Tikkun Agreements, pursuant
to which the effective date of the transactions was revised to occur as of October 2, 2020. 

License
Agreement 

Jay
Pharma, TO LLC and TOH entered into a license agreement dated on January 10, 2020, pursuant to which Jay Pharma would acquire
certain in-licensed and owned intellectual property rights related to the cannabis products in the United States (presently excluding
the state of New York) from TO LLC and TOH, each of which is an affiliate of TO Holdings, in exchange for royalty payments of
(i) four percent (4.0 of net sales of OTC cancer products made via consumer channels; (ii) five percent (5.0 of net sales
of beauty products made via consumer channels; and (iii) three percent (3.0 of net sales of OTC cancer products made via professional
channels, along with a minimum net royalty payment starting in January 1, 2022 and progressively increasing up to a cap of 400,000
maximum each year for the first 10 years, then 600,000 maximum each year for the next 5 years, and an annual maximum cap of 750,000
each year thereafter during the term of the agreement. The licensed intellectual property rights relate to beauty products and
OTC cancer products, and branding rights related thereto. The beauty products include any topical or transdermal cannabis-containing
or cannabis-derived (including hemp-based) skin care or body care beauty products, and the OTC cancer products means any cancer-related
products, in each case excluding those regulated as a drug, medicine, or controlled substance by the FDA or any other relevant
governmental authority, such as the USDA. 

On
August 12, 2020, Jay Pharma, TO LLC and TOH entered into the First Amendment to the License Agreement, pursuant to which all references
to the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the amalgamation were revised to be references to the Tender Agreement and the Offer,
as applicable. 

On
October 2, 2020, Jay Pharma, TO LLC and TOH entered into the Second Amendment to the License Agreement, pursuant to which the
effective date of the transactions was revised to occur as of October 2, 2020. 

Agreements
with Alpha 

Alpha
Bridge Loan 

At
the signing of the Original Amalgamation Agreement, Jay Pharma issued the Original Note to Alpha, dated as of January 10, 2020,
pursuant to which Alpha loaned 1,500,000 to Jay Pharma in connection with, and as a condition to, the Original Amalgamation Agreement.
The Original Note was amended on June 23, 2020 (as discussed further below) to reflect an additional investment of 500,000, resulting
in a total principal amount of 2,000,000 (the Second Note Amendment ). The Original Note was further amended on
August 12, 2020 (as discussed further below), to account for the termination of the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the change
in the structure of the transaction from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer (the Third Note Amendment ).
The terms described in the following paragraphs reflect the terms of the Original Note as amended by the Second Note Amendment
and the Third Note Amendment. The Note was secured, pursuant to the Security Agreement, by all of the assets of Jay Pharma. The
Note carried an annual interest rate of 7 , calculated daily. 

61 

Upon
the closing of the Offer, the Note was converted into the right to receive 2,473,848 common shares of Jay Pharma and warrants
to purchase 2,333,970 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 1.03 per share immediately prior to the Offer. In connection
with the Offer, such common shares and warrants of Jay Pharma acquired by Alpha upon conversion of the Note were converted into
the right to receive (i) 547,278 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into up to 547,278 shares of Common Stock,
after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 516,333 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of 4.64 per share, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, 

Jay
Pharma was obligated by certain covenants set forth in the Note, including, but not limited to, the obligation (i) to provide
certain financial information, (ii) to use the proceeds in a specifically agreed to manner, (iii) to not incur any new indebtedness
other than as allowed under the terms of the Note, (iv) to not enter into any business, except those in which Jay Pharma is already
engaged or that are reasonably related thereto, (v) to not make any distributions to its shareholders or creditors, (vi) to not
make any changes to its capital structure, authorize or issue any equity interest of Jay Pharma, and (vii) to not take or suffer
any act not permitted under the Tender Agreement. 

Events
of default under the Note included, but were not limited to, (i) breaches of representations and warranties made by Jay Pharma,
in the Note or the Security Agreement, (ii) breaches of covenants made by Jay Pharma, (iii) bankruptcy and insolvency of Jay Pharma,
and (iv) the failure to consummate the Offer by a certain date. 

The
Note and the Security Agreement also provided certain customary representations and warranties of Jay Pharma. If the Tender Agreement
had been terminated without Alpha s prior written consent and without meeting certain other conditions in the Tender Agreement,
Jay Pharma would have been required to repay the entire outstanding principal balance of the Note plus all accrued and unpaid
interest thereon and any other sums payable to Alpha directly in connection with the Note. 

First
Note Amendment 

On
May 6, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into the First Note Amendment. The First Note Amendment revised the maturity date of
the Note. Prior to the First Note Amendment, the maturity date of the Note was the earlier of (i) July 6, 2020 and (ii) an event
of default that accelerates the maturity of the Note. Following the First Note Amendment, the maturity date of the Note was revised
to be the earlier of (i) September 30, 2020 and (ii) an event of default that accelerates the maturity of the Note. The First
Note Amendment also revised the event of default regarding a failure of the amalgamation to be consummated by March 31, 2020 to
extend such date to September 30, 2020. 

Second
Note Amendment 

On
June 23, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into the Second Note Amendment. The Second Note Amendment revised the principal amount
of the Note from 1,500,000 to 2,000,000, which was deemed advanced as the of date of the Second Note Amendment. The rights and
securities granted to Alpha under the terms of the Note were extended to the additional 500,000 advance contemplated by the Second
Note Amendment pursuant to the terms of the Second Note Amendment. 

Third
Note Amendment 

On
August 12, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into the Third Note Amendment. The Third Note Amendment extended the maturity date
to be the earlier of (a) January 1, 2021 and (b) an event of default that accelerates the maturity of the Note. The Third Note
Amendment also revised the Note to account for the change in structure from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer.
As a result, references to the Original Amalgamation Agreement and the amalgamation were revised to be references to the Tender
Agreement and the Offer. The Third Note Amendment also revised the event of default regarding a failure of the amalgamation to
be consummation by March 31, 2020 to be an event of default if the Offer was not completed by January 1, 2021. 

Series
B Warrants 

Upon
the completion of the Offer, the Company provided Alpha with the Series B Warrants to purchase the number of pre-reverse stock
split shares of common stock of the Company equal to the product of (i) 8,100,000 and (ii) the Exchange Ratio of 0.8849 at an
exercise price of 0.01 to Alpha, as set forth in, and pursuant to the terms of, the Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant.
The Series B Warrants had a five-year term beginning on the 90th day after the later of the last day of the lock-up/leak-out
period. If Alpha chooses to exercise the Series B Warrants, Alpha may elect, at its own option, to exercise the Series B Warrants
on a cashless basis. Alpha may not exercise the Series B Warrants to the extent such exercise would result in Alpha and its affiliates
owning more than 9.99 of the Company. The number of shares issuable under the terms of the Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant
are adjustable for stock dividends and splits. Additionally, Alpha shall have the right to participate in subsequent rights
offerings or pro rata distributions with respect to the equity of the Company or any fundamental transaction involving the Company
as more fully described in the Series B Common Stock Purchase Warrant. 

62 

Alpha
Investment 

At
the signing of the Original Amalgamation Agreement, Alpha entered into the Original Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement, pursuant
to which Alpha agreed, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, to purchase common shares of Jay Pharma and Jay Pharma Series
A Warrants to purchase Jay Pharma s common shares for an aggregate total purchase price of 3,500,000. The Alpha Securities
Purchase Agreement was amended on August 12, 2020 (as discussed further below), to account for the termination of the Original
Amalgamation Agreement and the change in the structure of the transaction from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer
(the Third Alpha SPA Amendment ). The terms described in the following paragraphs reflect the terms of the Alpha
Securities Purchase Agreement as amended by the Third Alpha SPA Amendment. 

The
closing of the Alpha Investment is conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Tender Agreement.
The obligations of Alpha under the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the closing of the Alpha Investment
are also subject to the condition that, from the date of the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement to the date of closing of the
Alpha Investment, trading in Ameri s common stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC or NASDAQ, and, at any time prior
to the closing date of the Alpha Investment, trading in securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been
suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on securities whose trades are reported by such service,
or on any trading market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the U.S. or New York State authorities. 

The
Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement provides certain customary covenants, conditions, representations and warranties, and other
agreements by and between Jay Pharma and Alpha. In addition, Jay Pharma has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete
the Offer, and as a condition to closing of the Offer, to cause Ameri to assume all of Jay Pharma s obligations under the
warrants and the Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement, from the closing date of the Offer until 120 days thereafter, Jay Pharma
agreed to not permit or allow Ameri or any of its subsidiaries to issue, enter into agreement to issue, or announce the issuance
or proposed issuance of any shares of Ameri common stock. Additionally, for a period of 18 months following the closing date of
the Offer, Ameri is prohibited from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by Ameri or any of its subsidiaries
of their respective common stock or common stock equivalent involving a variable rate transaction. A variable rate transaction 
means a transaction in which Ameri (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of common stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise
price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or
exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or
upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of Ameri or the market for
the common stock, or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity
line of credit, whereby Ameri may issue securities at a future determined price. Additionally, from the closing date of the Offer
until such time as Alpha holds less than one-fifth of the shares issued in connection with the Alpha Investment, Alpha will hold
certain anti-dilution rights outlined in the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement. 

Upon
the closing of the Alpha Investment under the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement immediately prior to the Offer, Alpha received
approximately 3,500,954 common shares of Jay Pharma and Jay Pharma Series A Warrants to purchase 3,500,954 common shares of Jay
Pharma at an exercise price of 1.03 per common share (the Alpha Investment Securities ). In connection with t he
Offer, such common shares and warrants of Jay Pharma acquired by Alpha in the Alpha Investment were converted into, as applicable,
the right to receive (i) 774,499 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are convertible into up to 774,499 shares of Common Stock,
after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 774,499 shares of Common Stock at an exercise
price of 4.64 per share, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. The Company warrants will be immediately exercisable
and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date. The exercise price and number of shares of Company common
stock issuable upon exercise is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, reorganizations
or similar events affecting the Company common stock and the exercise price. The Series B Preferred Stock of the Company and the
warrants to purchase Company common stock to be issued to Alpha are convertible or exercisable, as applicable, subject to a 9.99 
beneficial ownership blocker. 

63 

First
Amendment to Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
June 23, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into the Second Note Amendment. The Second Note Amendment also amended the Alpha Securities
Purchase Agreement to reduce the amount of the investment in Jay Pharma s common shares and Jay Pharma Series A Warrants
from 3,500,000 to 3,000,000. 

Second
Amendment to Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
August 12, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into a second amendment to the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement (the Second
Alpha SPA Amendment ). The Second Alpha SPA Amendment revised the formula regarding the securities to be issued to Alpha
in connection with the closing of the amalgamation to match the formula set forth in the Original Amalgamation Agreement. Additionally,
the Second Alpha SPA amended the termination rights under the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement to extend the termination date
from July 7, 2020 to September 30, 2020. 

Third
Amendment to Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
August 12, 2020, Jay Pharma and Alpha entered into a third amendment to the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement (the Third
Alpha SPA Amendment ). The Third Alpha SPA Amendment revised the references to the Original Amalgamation Agreement and amalgamation
to be references to the Tender Agreement and the Offer, as applicable, in order to account for the change in transaction structure
from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer. Additionally, the Third Alpha SPA Amendment amended the termination
rights under the Alpha Securities Purchase Agreement to extend the termination date from September 30, 2020 to January 1, 2021. 

Company
Warrants 

As
noted above, in connection with conversion of the Note and the closing of the Alpha Investment, which occurred immediately prior
to the closing of the Offer, Alpha received warrants to purchase common shares of Jay Pharma. Further, as noted above, in connection
with the Offer and pursuant to the terms of the Tender Agreement and the Alpha Exchange Agreement, these warrants were exchanged
for Company warrants to purchase pre-reverse stock split shares of Company common stock equal to the number of common shares of
Jay Pharma underlying such outstanding Jay Pharma warrants multiplied by the Exchange Ratio, with the exercise price of such converted
warrants determined by dividing the exercise price of the Jay Pharma warrant by the Exchange Ratio. The Company warrants will
be immediately exercisable and will expire on the fifth anniversary of the original issuance date. The exercise price and number
of shares of Company common stock issuable upon exercise is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of stock dividends,
stock splits, reorganizations or similar events affecting Jay Pharma common stock and the exercise price. 

If,
at the time Alpha exercises its Company common stock warrants, a registration statement registering the issuance of the shares
of Company common stock underlying the Company common stock warrants under the Securities Act is not then available for the issuance
of such shares, then in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to the Company upon such exercise in
payment of the aggregate exercise price, Alpha may elect instead to receive upon such exercise (either in whole or in part) the
net number of shares of Company common stock determined according to a formula set forth in the Company common stock warrants. 

Alpha
(together with its affiliates) may not exercise any portion of the Company common stock warrant to the extent that Alpha would
own more than 9.99 of the outstanding Company common stock immediately after exercise; provided, however, that upon notice to
the Company, Alpha may increase or decrease the beneficial ownership limitation, provided that in no event shall the beneficial
ownership limitation exceed 9.99 and any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation will not be effective until 61 days
following notice of such increase from Alpha to the Company. 

If
the Company, at any time while the Company common stock warrant is outstanding, sells or grants any option to purchase, or sells
or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase
or other disposition) any Company common stock (or common stock equivalents), at an effective price per share less than the exercise
price then in effect, then simultaneously with the consummation (or, if earlier, the announcement) of each such dilutive issuance,
the exercise price will be reduced to equal the exercise price then in effect, subject to certain exceptions, which includes issuance
of securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors
of the Company and not for the primary purpose of raising capital. 

In
the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the common warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization
or reclassification of the Company s common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of
Company s properties or assets, the Company s consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition
of more than 50 of the Company s outstanding common stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 
of the voting power represented by the Company s outstanding common stock, Alpha will be entitled to receive upon exercise
of such warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that Alpha would have received had they exercised the
Company s common stock warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

64 

Nominal
Share Purchase Agreement 

In
connection with the Offer, Jay Pharma entered into a series of assignment and assumption agreements with a third party, Tikkun
Pharma, Inc. Tikkun ), pursuant to which Tikkun assigned to Jay Pharma all of Tikkun s (i) rights to certain
skin care treatment assets and (ii) intellectual property rights to certain formulations for the development of therapeutic candidates
for the prevention, management and treatment of graft versus host disease (GVHD) in exchange for an aggregate of 10,360,007 common
shares of Jay Pharma, which were issued in October 2020. 

Because
Alpha required additional shares of the Company, at no or a nominal cost, for Alpha to consummate the Alpha Bridge Loan and the
Alpha Investment at the planned valuation, Alpha entered into an agreement with Tikkun pursuant to which, immediately following
such assignment, but prior to the Offer, Tikkun sold 7,774,463 of these common shares of Jay Pharma to Alpha for the nominal aggregate
purchase price of 10.00 (the Alpha Nominal Shares ), leaving Tikkun with 2,585,544 common shares of Jay Pharma (the
 Tikkun Shares ). In connection with the Offer, the Tikkun Shares were converted into the right to receive 571,987
shares shares of common stock of the Company, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split, and the Alpha Nominal Shares were
converted into the right to receive 1,719,906 shares of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company that are convertible into up to
1,719,906 shares of common stock of the Company, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split. 

Alpha
December Investment 

On December 4, 2020,
Jay Pharma and Alpha executed a securities purchase agreement whereby Alpha purchased an additional 1,000,000 common shares of
Jay Pharma and warrants to purchase 500,000 common shares of Jay Pharma at an exercise price of 0.30 per share for an aggregate
purchase price of 300,000 (the Alpha December Investment ). In connection with the Offer, such shares were exchanged
for 221,225 shares of Common Stock, and such warrants were exchanged for warrants to purchase 110,613 shares of common stock of
the Company at 1.36 per share. 

Securities
Exchange Agreements 

Option
Exchange Agreements 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Tender Agreement, prior to the closing of the Offer, the Company entered into exchange agreements with each
of the holders of Jay Pharma options (the Option Exchange Agreements ). Pursuant to the terms of the Option Exchange
Agreements, each outstanding Jay Pharma option was exchanged for Company options to purchase a number of shares of Company common
stock equal to the Exchange Ratio on substantially the same terms as those contained in the stock option plan of the Company,
and each such Jay Pharma option was cancelled. The exercise price for each share of Company common stock underlying a Company
option was equal to the exercise price per share of Jay Pharma common stock under the Jay Pharma option in effect immediately
prior to the completion of the Offer, as adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split and Exchange Ratio and applicable currency
exchange ratio. Jay Pharma and Ameri intended that the exchange of all Jay Pharma options for Resulting Issuer options would occur
on a rollover basis pursuant to subsection 7(1.4) of the Tax Act and that any relevant adjustments to the exercise price of the
Company options would be made to reflect this intention, and that the foregoing treatment of Jay Pharma options was fair and reasonable
in light of the circumstances of the transaction. 

Warrant
Exchange Agreements 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Tender Agreement, prior to the closing of the Offer, the Company entered into exchange agreements with the
holders of Jay Pharma warrants (the Warrant Exchange Agreements ). Pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Exchange
Agreements, each outstanding Jay Pharma warrant was exchanged for Company warrants to purchase the number of shares of Company
common stock equal to the Exchange Ratio on substantially economically equivalent terms and each such Jay Pharma warrant shall
be cancelled. The exercise price for each share of Company common stock underlying a Company warrant will be equal to the exercise
price per share of Jay Pharma common stock under the Jay Pharma warrant in effect immediately prior to the completion of the Offer,
as adjusted to reflect the proposed reverse stock split and Exchange Ratio and the applicable currency exchange ratio. 

Alpha
Exchange Agreement 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Tender Agreement, prior to the closing of the Offer, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Alpha
(the Alpha Exchange Agreement and, together with the Option Exchange Agreements and Warrant Exchange Agreements,
the Securities Exchange Agreements ). Pursuant to the terms of the Alpha Exchange Agreement, the Jay Note Securities
and the Alpha Investment Securities were exchanged for (i) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock convertible into 3,262,907
shares of Company common stock, (ii) warrants to purchase 1,290,831 shares of common stock of the Company at 4.64 per share,
and (iii) warrants to purchase up to 110,613 shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 1.36 per share, in
each case, after giving effect to the reverse stock split. The Series B Preferred Stock of the Company and the warrants to purchase
Company common stock issued to Alpha are convertible or exercisable, as applicable, subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership blocker. 

65 

Relationships
with Tikkun and Jay Pharma 

Solomon
Eisenberg 

Solomon
Eisenberg was both a board member and shareholder of Tikkun and a board member of Jay Pharma. His role with both companies might
have created a conflict of interest in connection with Jay Pharma s strategic relationship with Tikkun. 

Barry
Farkas 

Barry
Farkas was both a board member and shareholder of Tikkun and a board member of Jay Pharma. His role with both companies might
have created a conflict of interest in connection with Jay Pharma s strategic relationship with Tikkun. 

Lorne
Gertner 

Lorne
Gertner was both a board member of Tikkun and a board member of Jay Pharma. His role with both companies might have created
a conflict of interest in connection with Jay Pharma s strategic relationship with Tikkun. 

David
Stefansky 

David
Stefansky was both a board member of Tikkun and a board member and an executive officer of Jay Pharma. His role with both companies
might have created a conflict of interest in connection with Jay Pharma s strategic relationship with Tikkun. On May 6,
2020, Mr. Stefansky resigned as an executive officer and director of Jay Pharma. 

John
Van Buiten 

John
Van Buiten was both an executive officer of Tikkun and an executive officer of Jay Pharma. His role with both companies might
have created a conflict of interest in connection with Jay Pharma s strategic relationship with Tikkun. On January 8,
2020, John Van Buiten resigned from his role as an executive officer of Jay Pharma, but he continues to serve as a consultant
for Jay Pharma and since the closing of the Offer has served as an executive officer of Enveric. 

Abstention 

In
order to avoid any potential conflicts of interest amongst the Jay Pharma board of directors in light of the transactions described
above, on January 7, 2020, each of Solomon Eisenberg and Barry Farkas, both of whom were board members and shareholders of Tikkun,
resigned from the Jay Pharma board. In addition, Lorne Gertner, who also served on the board of both Jay Pharma and Tikkun, agreed
to abstain from any votes regarding the Original Amalgamation Agreement, the Side Transactions and all matters related to such
transactions. 

Yaron
Conforti Letter Agreement 

On
January 6, 2020, Yaron Conforti and Jay Pharma entered into a letter agreement pursuant to which Jay Pharma agreed to pay Yaron
Conforti a sum of 83,409, which constituted amounts owed to Yaron Conforti by Jay Pharma, with such sum to be paid in the following
manner: (a) 10,000 paid in cash upon execution of the Original Amalgamation Agreement with Ameri, (b) 5,000 to be paid in cash
upon the closing the transactions contemplated by the Original Amalgamation Agreement, and (c) the remaining 68,409 paid through
the issuance of 118,117 shares of common stock of Jay Pharma. In exchange for the payment structured as described above, Yaron
Conforti released Jay Pharma from any claims or obligations related to the 83,409 sum. In July 2020, Jay Pharma agreed to adjust
the the per share price of 0.8849, of the Jay Pharma common shares issued under the previous letter to 0.22. Accordingly, Mr.
Conforti was awarded 193,169 additional Jay Pharma common shares pursuant to a letter agreement. 

Ameri
Related Party Transactions 

At
December 31, 2020, there were no transactions or series of similar transactions, since January 1, 2020 to which Ameri has been
a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of (a) 120,000, or (b) 1 of its average total
assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of Ameri s director, executive officer, holder
of more than 5 of our capital stock, promotor or certain control person or any member of their immediate family had or will have
a direct or indirect material interest, except as follows. 

66 

Ameri
Share Purchase Agreement 

On
January 10, 2020, Ameri entered into Share Purchase Agreement, upon which Ameri agreed to consummate the Spin-Off, wherein all
of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock of Ameri was redeemed for an equal number of shares of Private
Ameri Preferred Stock. Ameri contributed, transferred and conveyed to Private Ameri all of the issued and outstanding equity interests
of the existing subsidiaries of Ameri, constituting the entire business and operations of Ameri and its subsidiaries. Srinidhi
 Dev Devanur, Ameri s executive Chairman, was the owner of all the current issued and outstanding capital stock
of Private Ameri. 

2019
and 2020 Bonus Grants 

On
January 9, 2020, in reliance on applicable exemption from the securities laws registration requirements, and subject to the Ameri s
stockholders approval for purposes of compliance with the Nasdaq Rule 5635(c), Ameri s board of directors awarded
an aggregate of 270,541 restricted shares of Ameri common stock as compensation in lieu of cash performance bonuses. On October
19, 2020, in reliance on applicable exemption from the securities laws registration requirements, and subject to the Ameri s
stockholders approval for purposes of compliance with the Nasdaq Rule 5635(c) and continued service through the end of
the 2020 fiscal year, Ameri s board of directors awarded an aggregate of up to 354,730 restricted shares of Ameri common
stock as compensation in lieu of cash performance bonuses. Such restricted shares will not be issued if this Bonus Shares Proposal
is not approved. 

The
restricted shares approved by Ameri s board of directors in January 2020 represent aggregate bonus payments of 675,000
divided by a price of 2.495, which is the closing price on the day immediately preceding board approval. The restricted shares
approved by Ameri s board of directors in October 2020 represent aggregate bonus payments of 525,000 divided by a price
of 1.48, which is the closing price on the day immediately preceding board approval. 

Director
Independence 

We
are currently listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market and therefore rely on the definition of independence set forth in the NASDAQ Listing
Rules NASDAQ Rules ). Under the NASDAQ Rules, a director will only qualify as an independent director 
if, in the opinion of our board, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director
concerning his background, employment, and affiliations, including family relationships, we have determined that Mr. Kegler, Mr.
Mayer, Dr. Schabacker and Dr. Lind have no material relationships with us that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment and are independent directors as that term is defined in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

In
May 2015, the Board selected Ram Associates as its independent accountant to audit the Company s financial statements. The
following is a summary of the fees billed by Ram Associates for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2020 and 2019. Ram Associates was dismissed by the Company on January 12, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Audit fees 
 15,000 
 85,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 16,000 
 11,500 
 
 Audit-related fees 

All other fees 

31,000 
 96,500 

Audit
fees consist of fees billed for services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of our financial statements. 

Tax
fees consist of fees billed for professional services related to the preparation of our U.S. federal and state income tax returns
and tax advice. 

Audit related
fees consists of fees reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s financial statements
that are not reported as Audit Fees. 

All
other fees consist of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

All
services provided by the Company s independent auditor were approved by the Company s audit committee. 

Pre Approval
Policy of Services Performed by Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
Audit Committee s policy is to pre approve all audit and non audit related services, tax services and other
services. Pre approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre approval is detailed as to the particular
service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The Audit Committee has delegated the pre approval
authority to its chairperson when expedition of services is necessary. The independent registered public accounting firm and management
are required to periodically report to the full Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered
public accounting firm in accordance with this pre approval and the fees for the services performed to date. 

67 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

(1)
Financial Statements: 

Reports of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: 

None.
Financial statement schedules have not been included because they are not applicable, or the information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

See
 Index to Exhibits for a description of our exhibits. 

Item 16. Form 10 K Summary. 

Not applicable. 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, by and between AMERI Holdings, Inc. and Ameri100, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 13, 2020) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement, dated August 12, 2020, by and among AMERI Holdings, Inc., Jay Pharma Merger Sub, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc., 1236567 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company and Barry Kostiner, as the Ameri representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on August 12, 2020) 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 1 To Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement, dated December 18, 2020, by and among Ameri, Jay Pharma Merger Sub, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc., 1236567 B.C. Unlimited Liability Company and Barry Kostiner, as the Ameri representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on December 18, 2020) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series B Preferred Stock of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 4.2

Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (issued in connection with January 2021 Registered Direct Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (issued in connection with January 2021 Registered Direct Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021) 
 
 4.4

Form of Warrant (issued in connection with February 2021 Registered Direct Offering) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2021) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant 

10.1 
 
 Secured Promissory Note, dated January 10, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Secured Promissory Note, dated May 6, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Secured Promissory Note, dated June 23, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Secured Promissory Note, dated August 12, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 2, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2020, by and between Alpha Capital Anstalt and Jay Pharma Inc. 

68 

10.8 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S. GVHD Sublicense), dated January 10, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and Tikun Olam IP Ltd. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S. GVHD Sublicense), dated August 12, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and Tikun Olam IP Ltd. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S. GVHD Sublicense and Skincare), dated October 2, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and Tikun Olam IP Ltd. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S. GVHD Sublicense and Skincare), dated January 10, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S. GVHD Sublicense and Skincare), dated August 12, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC 
 
 10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S. GVHD Sublicense and Skincare), dated October 2, 2020, by and among Tikkun Pharma, Inc., Jay Pharma Inc. and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC 
 
 10.14 
 
 License Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, by and among Tikun Olam LLC, Tikun Olam Hemp LLC and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated August 12, 2020, by and among Tikun Olam LLC, Tikun Olam Hemp LLC and Jay Pharma Inc. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement, dated October 2, 2020, by and among Tikun Olam LLC, Tikun Olam Hemp LLC and Jay Pharma Inc. 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2020, by and between the Company and David Johnson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 2, 2020, by and between the Company and Avani Kanubaddi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.19 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 22, 2020, by and between the Company and Robert Wilkins (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.20 
 
 Consulting Agreement, dated December 29, 2020, by and between the Company and Barry Kostiner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Enveric Biosciences, Inc. 2020 Long-Term Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.22 
 
 Form of RSU Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 6, 2021) 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021) 

10.24 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021) 
 
 10.25 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated January 11, 2021, by and between the Company and Alpha Capital Anstalt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on January 12, 2021) 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2021) 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 9, 2021, by and among the Company and the purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2021) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of independent registered public accountant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 32 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 of Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herewith. 

Denotes
 management contract. 

69 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ENVERIC
 BIOSCIENCES, INC 
 
 April
 1, 2021 

By: 
 /s/
 David Johnson 

David
 Johnson 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David Johnson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 David Johnson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John Van Buiten 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 John Van Buiten 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ George Kegler 
 
 Director 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 George Kegler 

/s/ Sol Mayer 
 
 Director 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 Sol Mayer 

/s/ Marcus Schabacker 
 
 Director 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 Marcus Schabacker 

/s/ Douglas Lind 
 
 Director 
 
 April 1, 
 2021 
 
 Douglas Lind 

70 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 AND 2019 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

71 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

 Enveric
Biosciences, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. and Subsidiary (the
 Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss,
changes in stockholders equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Fair
Value of Common Stock Used in the Purchase of Intangible Assets 

As
discussed in Note 5 to the financial statements, on October 2, 2020, the Company purchased skincare assets for an aggregate purchase
price of 1,944,689, which included cash consideration of 44,413 and the issuance of common stock, which was valued at 1,900,546. At
the time of the transaction, the Company was a private company. 

The
valuation of private company common stock requires significant judgment in weighting the various indicators of fair value. The principals
and considerations to be applied include: 

Indicators
 of value are those comparable transactions between informed, willing, buyers and sellers; 

Comparable
 transaction must be orderly and not in a distressed situation; 

Maximize
 the weight of observable inputs, where possible; 

Securities
 issued as the indicator of value must be similar or identical to the securities being valued; 

Timing
 of comparable transactions must be close to the valuation date 

Consideration
 as to whether the valuation of the technology is more indicative of the fair value of the assets acquired in comparison to the consideration
 paid. 

Due
to the significance of the intangible assets to the Company s financial statements and the inherent judgment necessary to estimate
the valuation of the common stock, we determined that the fair value of common stock used in the purchase of intangible assets was a
critical audit matter, which required significant auditor judgment and specialized skill and knowledge. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included, but were not limited to, the following: 

We
 evaluated management s process for the selection of the valuation methodology and the methods and significant assumptions used
 by management; 

With
 the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology used; 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the inputs subject to assumptions and verified the accuracy and completeness of those inputs to the
 underlying transaction data utilized in the valuation of the common stock and verified; and 

We
 performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions used in the valuation model to evaluate the change in fair value resulting
 from changes in the significant assumptions. 

/s/
 Marcum LLP 

Marcum
 LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

New
York, NY 

 April
1, 2021 

F- 2 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 1,578,460 
 43,714 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 700,710 
 65,075 
 
 Total current assets 
 2,279,170 
 108,789 

Intangible assets 
 1,817,721 
 - 
 
 Total assets 
 4,096,891 
 108,789 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Liabilities 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 681,250 
 1,157,645 
 
 Advance from related party 
 - 
 22,409 
 
 Notes payable 
 - 
 446,415 
 
 Convertible notes payable 
 - 
 293,921 
 
 Total liabilities 
 681,250 
 1,920,390 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred Stock, 0.01 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, 3,275,407 and 262,500 shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively 
 32,754 
 2,625 
 
 Common stock, 0.01 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 10,095,109 and 5,311,414 shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively 
 100,951 
 53,114 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 15,222,770 
 3,039,163 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (11,759,557 
 (4,894,881 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 (181,277 
 (11,622 
 
 Total shareholders equity (deficit) 
 3,415,641 
 (1,811,601 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity (deficit) 
 4,096,891 
 108,789 

The
accompanying notes are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

General and administrative expenses 
 5,443,234 
 2,296,534 
 
 Research and development 
 174,083 
 - 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (5,617,317 
 (2,296,534 

Other expense 

Extinguishment of note payable 
 - 
 32,316 
 
 Interest expense 
 445,250 
 81,823 
 
 Inducement expense 
 802,109 
 - 
 
 Total other expense 
 1,247,359 
 114,139 

Net loss 
 (6,864,676 
 (2,410,673 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign exchange loss 
 (169,655 
 (6,667 

Comprehensive loss 
 (7,034,331 
 (2,417,340 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 
 (1.19 
 (0.46 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 
 5,753,598 
 5,287,145 

The
accompanying notes are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECMEBER 31, 2020 AND 2019 

Accumulated 

Series
 B Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Accumulated 
 Other
 Comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Total 
 
 Balance
 as of January 1, 2019 
 262,500 
 2,625 
 5,262,042 
 52,620 
 2,368,464 
 (2,484,208 
 (4,955 
 (65,454 

Common stock issued
 for services 
 - 
 - 
 38,116 
 381 
 88,084 
 - 
 - 
 88,465 
 
 Warrants issued in conjunction
 with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,875 
 - 
 - 
 24,875 
 
 Shares issued in connection
 with note extension 
 - 
 - 
 11,256 
 113 
 22,153 
 - 
 - 
 22,266 
 
 Stock based compensation
 - stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 535,587 
 - 
 - 
 535,587 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (6,667 
 (6,667 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (2,410,673 
 - 
 (2,410,673 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2019 
 262,500 
 2,625 
 5,311,414 
 53,114 
 3,039,163 
 (4,894,881 
 (11,622 
 (1,811,601 

Balance
 as of January 1, 2020 
 262,500 
 2,625 
 5,311,414 
 53,114 
 3,039,163 
 (4,894,881 
 (11,622 
 (1,811,601 

September 2020 private
 placement 
 - 
 - 
 36,871 
 369 
 227,131 
 - 
 - 
 227,500 
 
 December 2020 private
 placement 
 221,225 
 2,212 
 - 
 - 
 258,288 
 - 
 - 
 260,500 
 
 Acquisition of Tikkun
 Pharma IP 
 - 
 - 
 571,987 
 5,720 
 1,894,826 
 - 
 - 
 1,900,546 
 
 Alpha financing and
 conversion of Alpha Note, including Palladium shares 
 3,041,682 
 30,417 
 402,988 
 4,030 
 4,781,742 
 - 
 - 
 4,816,189 
 
 Exchange of warrants
 for common shares 
 - 
 - 
 330,122 
 3,301 
 838,577 
 - 
 - 
 841,878 
 
 Conversion of related
 party advance and notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 512,978 
 5,130 
 674,439 
 - 
 - 
 679,569 
 
 Common stock issued
 for accounts payable 
 - 
 - 
 433,047 
 4,330 
 752,193 
 - 
 - 
 756,523 
 
 Warrants issued in conjunction
 with notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 32,149 
 - 
 - 
 32,149 
 
 Beneficial conversion
 feature issued with note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 17,851 
 - 
 - 
 17,851 
 
 Common stock issued
 in conjunction with note payable modification 
 - 
 - 
 21,625 
 216 
 101,497 
 - 
 - 
 101,713 
 
 Stock option expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,977,155 
 - 
 - 
 1,977,155 
 
 Conversion of Series
 B preferred stock to common stock 
 (250,000 
 (2,500 
 250,000 
 2,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Merger with Ameri Holdings,
 Inc. 
 
 - 
 2,224,077 
 22,241 
 627,759 
 - 
 - 
 650,000 
 
 Foreign exchange loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (169,655 
 (169,655 
 
 Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 (6,864,676 
 
 (6,864,676 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 3,275,407 
 32,754 
 10,095,109 
 100,951 
 15,222,770 
 (11,759,557 
 (181,277 
 3,415,641 

The
accompanying notes are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 
 (6,864,676 
 (2,410,673 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Extinguishment of note payable 
 - 
 32,316 
 
 Accrued interest 
 156,619 
 13,684 
 
 Amortization of debt discount 
 288,631 
 68,453 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 1,977,155 
 624,052 
 
 Inducement expense 
 802,109 
 - 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 120,872 
 - 
 
 Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (636,497 
 104,340 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 267,002 
 919,968 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,888,785 
 (647,860 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Purchase of Tikkun Pharma license agreement 
 (44,143 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (44,143 
 - 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 
 50,000 
 300,000 
 
 Proceeds from note payable, net of offering costs 
 1,812,410 
 238,000 
 
 Advances from related party 
 - 
 22,000 
 
 Offering and Reverse Merger proceeds 
 3,372,500 
 - 
 
 September 2020 private placement 
 227,500 
 - 
 
 December 2020 private placement 
 260,500 
 - 
 
 Repayment of note payable 
 (191,640 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,531,270 
 560,000 

Effect of foreign exchange rate on cash 
 (63,596 
 17,903 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 1,534,746 
 (69,957 
 
 Cash - beginning of period 
 43,714 
 113,671 
 
 Cash - end of period 
 1,578,460 
 43,714 

Supplemental non-cash financing activities: 

Beneficial conversion feature issued with note payable 
 17,851 
 - 
 
 Warrants issued in conjunction with notes payable 
 32,149 
 24,875 
 
 Common stock issued for accounts payable 
 756,523 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued in conjunction with note payable modification 
 101,713 
 22,266 
 
 Notes payable issued to consultant for prepaid services 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 Conversion of related party advances and notes payable into common stock 
 679,569 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for skincare license 
 1,900,546 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are in integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
 1 - Business 

Nature
of operations 

Enveric
Biosciences, Inc. Enveric Biosciences, Inc. , Enveric or the Company (formerly known as Ameri Holdings, Inc.) Ameri is a pharmaceutical company developing innovative, evidence-based
cannabinoid medicines. The head office of the Company is located in Naples, Florida. 

On
January 10, 2020, the Company entered into an Amalgamation Agreement (as amended on May 6, 2020), (the Amalgamation Agreement with Jay Pharma Merger Sub, Inc., a company organized under the laws of Canada and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger
Sub ), Jay Pharma Inc., a company organized under the laws of Canada Jay Pharma ), Jay Pharma ExchangeCo.,
Inc. a company organized under the laws of British Columbia and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company ExchangeCo ),
and Barry Kostiner, as the Company Representative, which provided that, among other things, Merger Sub and Jay Pharma would be
amalgamated and would continue as one corporation Amalco ), with Amalco continuing as a direct wholly owned subsidiary
of ExchangeCo and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Ameri, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Amalgamation Agreement.
On August 12, 2020, the Company, Jay Pharma and certain other signatories thereto entered into a tender agreement (the Tender
Agreement ), which provided that, among other things, Ameri would make a tender offer (the Offer to purchase
all of the outstanding common shares of Jay Pharma for the number of shares of Enveric common stock equal to the exchange ratio
set forth in the Tender Agreement, and Jay Pharma would become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ameri, on the terms and conditions
set forth in the Tender Agreement. The Tender Agreement terminated and replaced in its entirety the Amalgamation Agreement. On
December 30, 2020, the Company, Jay Pharma, Merger Sub, and ExchangeCo consummated the Tender Agreement and Jay Pharma became
a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The transaction was treated as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization and accordingly,
the historical financial statements prior to the date of the Business Combination in these consolidated financial statements are
those of Jay Pharma. The transaction is further described in Note 7. 

COVID-19 

In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China. Since then, COVID-19 has
spread to multiple countries, including the United States. As the COVID-19 continues to spread in the United States, the Company
may experience disruptions that could severely impact the Company. The global outbreak of COVID-19 continues to rapidly evolve.
The extent to which COVID-19 may impact the Company s business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the ultimate geographic spread of the disease, the duration of the outbreak,
travel restrictions and social distancing in the United States and other countries, business closures or business disruptions
and the effectiveness of actions taken in the United States to contain and treat the disease. The Company is in process of monitoring
COVID-19 s potential impact on the Company s operations. 

Note
2 Liquidity 

The
Company has incurred continuing losses from its operations and as of December 31, 2020, had an accumulated deficit of 11,759,557
and working capital of 1,597,920. Since inception, the Company s operations have been funded principally through the issuance
of debt and equity. 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 2,221,458 shares of common stock at approximately 4.50
per share for gross proceeds of approximately 10,000,000. On February 11, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering
of 3,007,026 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 12.8 million. As of March 30, 2021, the Company
had cash on hand of approximately 22.9 million. 

The
Company believes that, as a result of these transactions, it currently has sufficient cash and financing commitments to meet its
funding requirements. Accordingly, management has since reevaluated the Company s liquidity and financial condition and
determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations through one year from the issuance of these financial statements
and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. Notwithstanding, the Company expects that it will need to raise additional
financing to accomplish its development plan over the next several years. The Company will require additional funding through
debt or equity financing in the future. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient amounts of additional capital, it may be
required to reduce the scope of its planned development, which could impact its financial condition and operating results. 

F- 7 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 SUMMARY OF Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance and in conformity with the accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC regarding consolidated financial information. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and expenses during the periods reported.
By their nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effects on the financial statements of changes
in such estimates in future periods could be significant. Significant areas requiring management s estimates and assumptions
include determining the fair value of transactions involving common stock and the valuation of stock-based compensation. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

Foreign
Currency Translation 

The
reporting currency of the Company is the United States dollar. The financial statements of companies located outside of the U.S.
are measured in their functional currency, which is the local currency. The functional currency of the Company is the Canadian
dollar. Monetary assets and liabilities are translated using public exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Income and expense
items are translated using average monthly exchange rates. Shareholders equity accounts and non-monetary assets are translated
at their historical exchange rates. Translation adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying
balance sheets. 

Cash
and cash equivalents 

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. 

Intangibles 

The
Company has finite-lived intangible assets. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Research
and development costs are expensed as incurred. Following initial recognition of the finite-lived intangible asset, the asset
is carried at cost less any accumulated amortization. Amortization of the asset begins when the asset is available for use. Amortization
is recorded in general and administrative expenses on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The Company periodically
reviews its owned intangible assets for recoverability. 

Impairment
of Long Term Assets 

The Company evaluates the carrying value
of long-lived assets subject to amortization whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist.
An impairment charge is recognized when the asset s carrying value exceeds its net undiscounted future cash flows and its fair
market value. The amount of the charge is the difference between the asset s carrying value and fair market value. 

Leases 

On February 25, 2016, FASB issued ASU 2016-02,
Leases (Topic 842). This update will require organizations that lease assets to recognize on the balance sheet the assets and
liabilities for the rights and obligations created by those leases. The new guidance will also require additional disclosures
about the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted this ASU,
which did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations. 

Income Taxes 

The
Company utilizes an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. The provision for income
taxes is based upon income or loss after adjustment for those permanent items that are not considered in the determination of
taxable income. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effects of differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of
the Company s assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates in effect for the years in which the differences are expected
to reverse. 

The
Company evaluates the recoverability of deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance when it is more likely than
not that some portion or all the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management makes judgments as to the interpretation
of the tax laws that might be challenged upon an audit and cause changes to previous estimates of tax liabilities. In management s
opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made. If actual taxable income by tax jurisdiction varies from estimates,
additional allowances or reversals of reserves may be necessary. 

Tax
benefits are recognized only for tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax
authorities. The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely
to be realized upon settlement. A liability for unrecognized tax benefits is recorded for any tax benefits
claimed in the Company s tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards. As of December 31,
2020 and December 31, 2019, no liability for unrecognized tax benefits was required to be recorded. 

F- 8 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 SUMMARY OF Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

Income
Taxes, continued 

The
Company s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with tax audits is to record such items as a component
of operating expenses. There were no amounts accrued for penalties and interest for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019.
The Company does not expect its uncertain tax positions to change during the next twelve months. Management is currently unaware
of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. 

The
Company has identified its United States and Canadian federal tax return, its state and provincial tax returns in Florida and
Ontario, CA as its major tax jurisdictions. The Company is in the process of filing its corporate tax returns for
the years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019. Net operating losses for these periods will not be available to reduce
future taxable income until the returns are filed. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company follows Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation, which addresses
the accounting for stock-based payment transactions, requiring such transactions to be accounted for using the fair value method.
Awards of shares for property or services are recorded at the more readily measurable of the estimated fair value of the stock
award and the estimated fair value of the service. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant
date fair value of stock-based awards under ASC 718. The estimated fair value is amortized as a charged to earnings on a straight-line
basis depending on the terms and conditions of the award, and the nature of the relationship of the recipient of the award to
the Company. The Company records the grant date fair value in line with the period over which it was earned. For employees and
consultants, this is typically considered to be the vesting period of the award. The Company estimates the expected forfeitures
and updates the valuation accordingly. 

Net
Loss per Share 

Basic
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares and, if dilutive, potential
common shares outstanding during the period. Potential common shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the
exercise of stock options and warrants (using the treasury stock method) and convertible notes. The computation of basic net loss
per share for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 excludes potentially dilutive securities. The computations of net loss
per share for each period presented is the same for both basic and fully diluted. 

Potentially
dilutive securities outlined in the table below have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because
the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2019 
 
 Warrants to purchase shares of common stock 
 3,251,406 
 303,891 
 
 Convertible notes 
 - 
 55,306 
 
 Series B Preferred Stock 
 3,275,407 
 262,500 
 
 Options to purchase shares of common stock 
 929,765 
 797,373 
 
 Total potentially dilutive securities 
 7,456,578 
 1,419,070 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of 250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. 

Fair
Value 

The
carrying value of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and accounts payable, notes payable and convertible
notes payable, approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of such financial instruments. 

F- 9 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note
3 SUMMARY OF Significant Accounting Policies, continued 

Subsequent
Events 

The
Company has evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Other than as described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any 

 subsequent
events that would have required adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements. 

NOTE
4 NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE 

As
of December 31, 2020 the Company had no notes payable or convertible notes payable. 

As
of December 31, 2019, the Company s notes payable and convertible notes payable consisted of the following: 

Gross 
 Discount 
 Net 
 
 February 2019 Note 
 66,000 
 - 
 66,000 
 
 March 2019 Note 
 150,000 
 - 
 150,000 
 
 April 2019 Convertible Notes 
 300,000 
 (6,079 
 293,921 
 
 July 2019 Note 
 191,640 
 (2,700 
 188,940 
 
 December 2019 Note 
 44,000 
 (2,525 
 41,475 
 
 Total 
 751,640 
 (11,304 
 740,336 

Notes payable 
 451,640 
 (5,225 
 446,415 

Convertible notes payable 
 300,000 
 (6,079 
 293,921 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, interest expense and amortization of debt discount consisted of the following: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Interest Expense 
 Amortization of Debt Discount 
 Total 
 Interest Expense 
 Amortization of Debt Discount 
 Total 
 
 February 2019 Note 
 - 
 3,840 
 3,840 
 - 
 6,000 
 6,000 
 
 April 2019 Convertible Notes 
 13,970 
 5,842 
 19,812 
 13,370 
 17,142 
 30,512 
 
 July 2019 Note 
 53,342 
 44,704 
 98,046 
 - 
 43,836 
 43,836 
 
 December 2019 Note 
 - 
 1,427 
 1,427 
 - 
 1,475 
 1,475 
 
 February 2020 Note 
 2,545 
 50,912 
 53,457 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alpha Note 
 86,762 
 181,906 
 268,668 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 156,619 
 288,631 
 445,250 
 13,370 
 68,453 
 81,823 

Notes
Payable 

On
February 7, 2019, the Company received 60,000 in exchange for a promissory note with a director for 66,000, including an original
issue discount of 6,000 (the February 2019 Note ). The note had no stated interest rate and was due on May 8, 2019.
The Company amortized the full 6,000 original issue discount in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss through December
31, 2019. On July 21, 2020, the Company converted the February 2019 Note into common stock, as further described in Note 6. 

F- 10 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
4 NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE, CONTINUED 

Notes
Payable, continued 

On
February 1, 2019, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with its former executive director. In connection with the consulting
agreement, on March 5, 2019, the Company issued a note payable to its former executive director for 150,000 (the March
2019 Note ). The note had no interest and was due and payable on March 4, 2020. The consulting agreement expired on February
1, 2020. On July 21, 2020, the Company converted the March 2019 Note into common stock, as further described in Note 6. 

On
July 8, 2019, the Company entered into a note agreement (the July 2019 Note with a limited liability company (the
 Lender ). One of the principals of the Lender is the brother of a former member of the Company s Board of Directors.
The Note s face value was 157,714 and the original issue discount was 19,714 for total gross proceeds of 138,000, implying
an interest rate of 12.5 per annum. The Company could, without premium or penalty, at any time and from time to time, prepay
all or any portion of the Note. The maturity date of the Note was September 8, 2019. On September 20, 2019, the Company entered
into an amendment to the July 2019 Note (the Amendment ). The Amendment extended the maturity date for the Note until
the earlier of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b) November 7, 2019. On November
21, 2019, the Company entered into an amendment for the July 2019 Note that extended the maturity date for the Note until the
earlier of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b) December 9, 2019. In consideration
for this amendment, the Company agreed to pay an aggregate extension fee of 33,926, which was added to the principal balance
of the note. On December 9, 2019, the Company entered into an additional amendment for the July 2019 Note that extended the maturity
date for the Note until the earlier of (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than or equal to 1,500,000, or (b)
January 7, 2020. The Company also agreed to pay the previously outstanding extension fees of 33,926 on or before March 1, 2020. 

On
January 8, 2020 the Company entered into an amendment to the July 2019 Note (the January 8 Amendment ). The January
8 Amendment extended the maturity date for the July 2019 Note until the (a) the completion of a bridge financing of greater than
or equal to 1,500,000, or (b) April 1, 2020. In consideration for the January 8 Amendment, the Company granted 55,000 shares
of the Company s common stock to the Lender. The Company accounted for this amendment as a modification, where the shares
paid as a fee were valued at 45,725 and recorded as a discount against the note payable and amortization over the term. On May
6, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment (the May 2020 Amendment whereby both parties agreed to extend the
maturity date of the July 2019 Note to September 30, 2020. The Company accounted for this amendment as a modification, as the
present value of the future cash flows pre-modification and post-modification were not greater than or equal to 10 . On January
12, 2020, the Company repaid 157,714 of the July 2019 Note. On December 31, 2020 the Company paid the remaining unpaid balance. 

On
December 12, 2019, the Company received 40,000 in exchange for a promissory note with a lender, including an original issue discount
of 4,000 (the December 2019 Note ). The December 2019 Note bore interest at a rate of ten percent (10 on its
face value per annum. In the case of an event of default, the interest rate would increase to 24 per year. The December 2019
Note matured on January 31, 2020. The promissory note with the lender and the Company was converted into 170,333 shares of
common stock on December 30, 2020. 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company received 50,000 in exchange for a promissory note with a lender (the February 2020 Note ).
The February 2020 Note bore interest at a rate of 10 on its face value per annum. In the case of an event of default, the interest
rate would increase to 24 per year. The note matured on July 31, 2020. The February 2020 Note was convertible into the Company s
common stock at any time at a conversion price of 0.38 per share. The Company recorded a beneficial conversion feature of 17,851
and valued the warrants issued (using relative fair value) at 32,149. The Company recorded the total value as a note discount
and is amortizing the discount over the term of the February 2020 Note using the effective interest method. The Company valued
the beneficial conversion feature and warrants using the following assumptions: 

Beneficial Conversion Feature 
 Warrants 
 
 Stock Price 
 CAD 1.10 
 CAD 1.10 
 
 Exercise Price 
 CAD 0.51 
 CAD 0.51 
 
 Dividend Yield 
 N/A 
 0.00 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 N/A 
 96.0 
 
 Weighted Average Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 N/A 
 2.31 
 
 Number of Shares 
 N/A 
 130,920 
 
 Value (USD) 
 17,851 
 32,149 
 
 Term (in years) 
 N/A 
 5.0 

F- 11 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
4 NOTES PAYABLE AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE, CONTINUED 

Notes
Payable, continued 

On
December 30, 2020, the February 2020 Note was converted into 190,004 shares of common stock. 

The
Company entered into a Secured Promissory Note, dated January
10, 2020 (the Note ), by and among Enveric Biosciences, Inc. and Alpha Capital Anstalt Alpha ), pursuant
to which, on January 10, 2020, Enveric Biosciences, Inc. received aggregate gross proceeds of 1,500,000. Pursuant to the Note,
the aggregate obligations of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. under the Note were automatically, immediately prior to the consummation
of the amalgamation, converted into shares of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. common stock, subject to the terms and provisions of the
Note. Pursuant to the Note, upon conversion of the term loans made by the lenders subject to the terms of the Note, Enveric Biosciences,
Inc. was required to cause Ameri to issue each lender warrants to purchase Ameri Common Stock. Upon consummation of the amalgamation,
Enveric Biosciences, Inc. agreed to cause Ameri to register the resale of the warrant shares. The Note bears interest at 7 per
annum and was due on March 31, 2020. 

On
May 6, 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to the Note (the First Note Amendment ). Pursuant to the First
Note Amendment, Alpha waived previous defaults on the Note, and extended the maturity date of the Note to June 30, 2020. In exchange
for the First Note Amendment, the Company and Alpha agreed that (i) at the Effective Time, Ameri would issue to the holder of
a certain note issued by Enveric Biosciences, Inc., series B warrants (the Series B Warrants to acquire 8,100,000
shares of common stock of the Company resulting from the amalgamation, and (ii) providing for certain registration rights, pursuant
to a registration rights agreement, of the Series B Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the Series B Warrants. The
Series B Warrants shall be exercisable for a period of five years commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day after the later of the
last day of the Lock-up Period and leak-out Period (accelerated or otherwise) set forth in the Lock-up agreement to be executed
by the holders of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. securities in connection with the Amalgamation, at a price of 0.01 per share, and
shall also be exercisable on a cashless basis. 

On
June 23, 2020, the Company and Alpha entered into a second amendment to the Note (the Second Note Amendment ). The
Second Note Amendment revised the principal amount of the Note from 1,500,000 to 2,000,000, which was advanced as of the date
of the Second Note Amendment. The rights and securities granted to Alpha under the terms of the Note were extended to the additional
 500,000 advance contemplated by the Second Note Amendment pursuant to the terms of the Second Note Amendment. 

On
August 12, 2020, the Company and Alpha entered into the Third Note Amendment. The Third Note Amendment extended the maturity date
to be the earlier of (a) January 1, 2021 and (b) an event of default that accelerates the maturity of the Note. The Third Note
Amendment also revised the Note to account for the change in structure from an amalgamation to a stock-for-stock exchange offer.
As a result, references to the Amalgamation Agreement and the amalgamation were revised to be references to the Tender Agreement
and the Offer. The Third Note Amendment also revised the event of default regarding a failure of the amalgamation to be consummated
by March 31, 2020 to be an event of default if the Offer was not consummated by January 1, 2021. 

On
December 30, 2020, the Note in the amount of 2,000,000 was converted into 2,473,848 shares of common stock. 

NOTE
5 INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

On
October 2, 2020, the Company purchased skincare assets for an aggregate of 1,944,689 in stock and cash, as follows: 

Cash 
 44,143 
 
 Common stock 
 1,900,546 
 
 Total 
 1,944,689 

The
Company recorded the skincare assets as a definite lived intangible asset with a four year useful life. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company s intangible assets consisted of: 

Gross Carrying Amount 
 Accumulated Amortization 
 Net 

Skincare Assets and License Agreements 
 1,944,689 
 (126,968 
 1,817,721 

F- 12 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
6 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENGIES 

On
January 5, 2019, the Company entered into a business advisor services agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the consultant
provided business advisory, marketing, and investor relations services in exchange for 15,000 per month, of which 7,500 was
payable in cash and 7,500 was payable in the Company s common shares. On January 6, 2020, the Company terminated its business
advisory services agreement and agreed to settle the amounts due under the agreement by (a) paying 12,500 in cash upon the completion
of a bridge financing; and (b) issuing 127,856 shares of the Company s common stock, as described in Note 6. 

On
January 1, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. David Stefansky to serve as President and Secretary of the Company
to serve until the closing Amalgamation Agreement. The Company agreed to pay Mr. Stefansky 15,000 per month and future issuance
of options to purchase 650,000 shares of common stock subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. On May 1, 2020, this
agreement was terminated (see Note 8). On May 1, 2020, the Company and Mr. David Stefansky terminated Mr. Stefansky s agreement
to serve as President and Secretary of the Company. 

On
May 1, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Mr. Henoch Cohn to serve as the Company s President and Secretary
until the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement. The Company paid Mr. Cohn 10,000 per month. On December 30, 2020 the agreement
between the Company and Mr. Henoch Cohn was terminated. 

The
Company is periodically involved in legal proceedings, legal actions and claims arising in the normal course of business. Management
believes that the outcome of such legal proceedings, legal actions and claims will not have a significant adverse effect on the Company s
financial position, results of operations or cash flows. On January 21, 2012, the Company received a demand letter from an individual
purporting to be a stockholder. See Note 10 for more information. 

NOTE
7 - SHARE CAPITAL AND OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS 

Authorized
Capital 

The
holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to one vote per share. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive
ratably such dividends, if any, as may be declared by the Board of Directors out of legally available funds. Upon the liquidation,
dissolution, or winding up of the Company, holders of common stock are entitled to share rateably in all assets of the Company
that are legally available for distribution. As of December 31, 2020, 100,000,000 shares of common stock were authorized under
the Company s articles of incorporation. 

On
December 30, 2020, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to designate and authorize 20,000,000 shares of Series B
preferred stock. The Company s Series B preferred stock is convertible by the holder at any time into common stock at a
rate of one to one. 

Conversion
of Series B Preferred Stock 

On
December 30, 2020, a holder of the Company s Series B Preferred Stock converted 250,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
into 250,000 shares of common stock. 

Issuance
of Common Stock for Accounts Payable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 433,047 shares of common stock to various vendors in connection with
the payment of accounts payable of 756,523. The shares were valued at the book value of the accounts payable, as that value was
more readily determinable. 

Shares
Issued in Exchange for Services 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued 38,116 shares to consultants in exchange for services. The Company valued
these shares at 88,465. 

September
Private Placement 

On
September 25, 2020, the Company issued 36,871 shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of 250,000 and net proceeds of 227,500. 

December
Private Placement 

On
December 8, 2020, the Company issued 221,225 shares of its Series B preferred stock for gross proceeds of 300,000 and net proceeds
of 260,500. 

F- 13 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
7 - SHARE CAPITAL AND OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS, CONTINUED 

Conversion
of Related Party Advance 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company issued 239,326 shares of common stock in exchange for the February 2019 Note (face value of
 66,000), the March 2019 Note (face value of 150,000) and related party advances in the amount of 22,000. Given that the holder
of these notes and advances is a related party, this was treated as a capital transaction and no gain or loss was recognized. 

Stock
Options 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price (USD) 
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value (USD) 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value (USD) 

Outstanding January 1, 2019 
 689,832 
 1.94 
 1.94 

Granted 
 448,713 
 1.99 
 1.49 

Expired, forfeited, or cancelled 
 (341,172 
 1.99 
 0.36 

Outstanding December 31, 2019 
 797,373 
 1.99 
 0.72 

Granted 
 378,800 
 0.94 
 5.22 

Expired forfeited, or cancelled 
 (246,408 
 1.94 
 0.88 

Outstanding December 31, 2020 
 929,765 
 1.53 
 2.50 
 6.1 
 2,537,245 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 929,765 
 1.53 
 2.50 
 6.1 
 2,537,245 

The
Company s stock based compensation expense related to stock options for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 1,977,155
and 535,587, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had 0 in unamortized stock option expense. 

The
Company utilized the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of these stock options, using the assumptions as
outlined below. 

Stock Price 
 5.92 
 
 Dividend Yield 
 0 
 
 Expected Volatility 
 84.7 
 
 Weighted Average Risk-Free Interest Rate 
 0.37 
 
 Expected life (in years) 
 1.5
 4.2 

Stock
price Based on closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. 

Weighted
average risk-free interest rate Based on the daily yield curve rates for U.S. Treasury obligations with maturities, which correspond
to the expected term of the Company s stock options. 

Dividend
yield The Company has not paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its
common stock in the foreseeable future. 

Expected
volatility Based on the historical volatility of comparable companies in a similar industry. 

Expected
term The Company has had no stock options exercised since inception. The expected option term represents the period that stock-based
awards are expected to be outstanding based on the simplified method provided in Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 107,
Share-Based Payment, which averages an award s weighted-average vesting period and expected term for plain vanilla 
share options. 

Warrants 

On
February 24, 2020, the Company issued warrants to purchase 130,920 shares of common stock to the lender of the February 2020 Note.
The warrants are exercisable at 0.38 USD 0.50 CAD) per share, are fully vested at the date of issuance, and expire on February
24, 2025. The warrants were accounted for as a component of equity, as the instrument contains no features which would preclude
such classification. As discussed in Note 4, the warrants were recorded as a discount in the amount of 50,000 on the note payable
and amortized over the term of the note. 

The
following table summarizes information about shares issuable under warrants outstanding at December 31, 2020: 

Warrant shares outstanding 
 Weighted average exercise price (USD) 
 Weighted average remaining life 
 Intrinsic value 
 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2019 
 219,510 
 2.95 
 0.08 

Issued 
 84,381 
 3.21 

Outstanding at December 31, 2019 
 303,891 
 3.02 
 1.06 
 - 
 
 Issued 
 3,222,331 
 1.96 

Forfeited 
 (274,816 
 (3.00 

Outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 3,251,406 
 1.95 
 4.97 
 - 

Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 3,251,406 
 1.95 
 4.97 
 8,040,545 

F- 14 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
8 TENDER AGREEMENT 

On
January 10, 2020, the Company entered into an amalgamation agreement (the Amalgamation Agreement with Enveric Biosciences,
Inc. Merger Sub, Inc. Merger Sub ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameri, and Enveric Biosciences, Inc. Exchange Co,
Inc. ExchangeCo ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Ameri. The Amalgamation Agreement provided that the Company would
merge into Merger Sub and be amalgamated and operate as one company. 

Prior
to the execution and delivery of the Amalgamation Agreement, Alpha entered into agreements with Enveric Biosciences, Inc. pursuant
to which Alpha agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of such agreements, to purchase, immediately prior to the consummation
of the Amalgamation, shares of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. s common stock (or common stock equivalents) and warrants to purchase
Enveric Biosciences, Inc. s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 3.5 million. The consummation of the transactions
contemplated by such agreements was conditioned upon the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Amalgamation
Agreement. After consummation of the Amalgamation, Enveric Biosciences, Inc. agreed to cause Ameri to register the resale of the
Ameri Common Stock issued and issuable pursuant to the warrants issued to the investors in the Jay Pharma Pre-Closing Financing. 

Contemporaneously
with the Amalgamation Agreement, the Company entered into sublicense agreements with Tikkun Pharma, Inc. Tikkun Pharma ).
The sublicense agreements with Tikkun Pharma allows the Company to utilize (a) Tikkun Pharma s sublicense with a third party
for certain autoimmune applications, and (b) acquire and use Tikkun Pharma s internally developing intellectual property,
branding, and formulations in regards to skincare. 

On
April 20, 2020, the Company received a notice from the lenders of the Note, stating that the Company was in default for not closing
the amalgamation with Ameri by March 31, 2020, and that the entire Note was due in full. On May 6 and May 26, 2020, the Company
and Alpha amended the Note and the Amalgamation Agreement, as described in below. 

On
May 6, 2020, the Company entered into an Amalgamation Amendment Agreement (the Amendment to amend the Amalgamation
Agreement described in Note 7. Pursuant to the Amendment, the parties agreed that (i) at the Effective Time, Ameri Holdings, Inc.
shall issue to the holder of a certain note issued by Enveric Biosciences, Inc., series B warrants (the Series B Warrants to acquire 8,100,000 shares of common stock of the company resulting from the amalgamation, and (ii) providing for certain registration
rights, pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-4, of the Series B Warrants and the shares issuable upon exercise of the
Series B Warrants. The Series B Warrants shall be exercisable for a period of five years commencing on the ninetieth (90th) day
after the later of the last day of the Lock-up Period and leak-out Period (accelerated or otherwise) set forth in the Lock-up
agreement to be executed by the holders of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. securities in connection with the Amalgamation, at a price
of 0.01 per share, and shall also be exercisable on a cashless basis. 

On
May 26, 2020, the Company entered into the second amendment to the Amalgamation Agreement (the Second Amendment to amend the Amalgamation Agreement described in Note 7. The purpose of this amendment was to clarify that the Series B Warrants
were to acquire 8,100,000 shares of common stock Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (to be approximately 3,675,035 shares of common stock
of the company resulting from the Amalgamation), as well as to clarify the exchange ratio already agreed upon. 

F- 15 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
8 TENDER AGREEMENT, CONTINUED 

On
August 12, 2020, Ameri, Enveric Biosciences, Inc., and certain other signatories thereto entered into a tender agreement (the
 Tender Agreement ), which provided that, among other things, Enveric Biosciences, Inc. would become a wholly owned
subsidiary of Ameri, on the terms and conditions set forth in the Tender Agreement. The Tender Agreement terminated and replaced
in its entirety the Amalgamation Agreement. Upon completion of the Tender Agreement on December 30, 2020, (i) holders of outstanding
common shares of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. other than Alpha will be entitled to receive the number of shares of Resulting Issuer
common stock issuable in accordance with the Exchange Ratio, and (ii) Alpha will be entitled to receive shares of Series B Preferred
Stock, which are convertible into shares of Resulting Issuer common stock subject to a 9.99 beneficial ownership blocker, pursuant
to the Alpha Exchange Agreement. Each outstanding Enveric Biosciences, Inc. option, whether vested or unvested, and warrant that
has not previously been exercised will exchanged for Resulting Issuer stock options and Resulting Issuer warrants, in each case
convertible into the number of shares of Resulting Issuer common stock equal to the Exchange Ratio. Each outstanding Enveric Biosciences,
Inc. option, whether vested or unvested, and warrant that has not previously been exercised will be exchanged for Resulting Issuer
stock options and Resulting Issuer warrants, in each case, convertible into the number of shares of Resulting Issuer common stock
equal to the Exchange Ratio. 

NOTE
9 INCOME TAXES 

The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
are as follows: 

As of December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Deferred tax assets: 

Net operating loss carryovers 
 1,340,152 
 1,004,029 
 
 Deferred tax assets, gross 
 1,340,152 
 1,004,029 

Less: valuation allowance 
 (1,340,152 
 (1,004,029 
 
 Deferred tax assets, net 
 - 
 - 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities), net 
 - 
 - 

The
change in the Company s valuation allowance is as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2019 
 
 Beginning of year 
 1,004,029 
 505,871 
 
 Increase in valuation allowance 
 1,340,152 
 498,158 
 
 End of year 
 2,344,180 
 1,004,029 

A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to
loss from operations before the provision for income taxes is as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020 
 For the year ended December 31, 2019 
 
 Canada federal statutory rate 
 (15.0 
 (15.0 
 
 Provincial taxes 
 (11.5 
 (11.5 
 
 Permanent differences 

Non-deductible expenses 
 7.5 
 5.9 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 19.1 
 20.6 
 
 Effective income tax rate 
 0.0 
 0.0 

F- 16 

ENVERIC
BIOSCIENCES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE
9 INCOME TAXES, CONTINUED 

As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had net operating loss carryovers of 5,057,176 and 3,788,788, respectively, for Canadian
federal income tax purposes, which begin to expire in 2029. The ultimate realization of the net operating loss is dependent upon
future taxable income, if any, of the Company. Based on losses from inception, the Company determined that as of December 31,
2020 and 2019 it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize benefits from the deferred tax assets. The Company
will not record income tax benefits in the financial statements until it is determined that it is more likely than not that the
Company will generate sufficient taxable income to realize the deferred income tax assets. As a result of the analysis, the Company
determined that a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets was required of 1,340,152 and 1,004,029 as of December
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

NOTE
10 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Registered
Direct Offerings 

On
January 14, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 2,221,458 shares of common stock at approximately 4.50
per share for gross proceeds of approximately 10,000,000. 

On
February 11, 2021, the Company completed a registered direct offering of 3,007,026 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of
approximately 12.8 million. 

Stockholder
Demand Letter 

On
January 21, 2021, the Company received a stockholder litigation demand letter from the law firm of Purcell Julie Lefkowitz
LLP, on behalf of James Self, a purported stockholder of our Company. The letter demands that the Company (i) deem ineffective
the December 30, 2020 amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation in which the Company effected a one-for-four
reverse stock split of its common stock due to the manner in which non-votes by brokers were tabulated, (ii) seek appropriate
relief for damages allegedly suffered by the company and its stockholders or seek a valid stockholder approval of the amendment
and reverse stock split, and (iii) adopt adequate internal controls to prevent a recurrence of the alleged misconduct. The Company
disputes that the amendment was ineffective or that there were any inadequate internal controls related to the same. However,
to eliminate any questions about the amendment, the Company intends to seek to ratify the amendment at a special stockholders 
meeting pursuant to Section 204 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. This special stockholders meeting is scheduled
to occur on May 14, 2021. 

Development
and Clinical Supply Agreement 

On
February 22, 2021, the Company entered into a Development and Clinical Supply Agreement (the Agreement with PureForm
Global, Inc. PureForm ), pursuant to which PureForm will be the exclusive provider of synthetic cannabidiol API for the Company s development plans for cancer treatment and supportive care. Under the terms of the Agreement, PureForm
has granted the Company the exclusive right to purchase API and related product for cancer treatment and supportive care during
the term of the Agreement (contingent upon an initial minimum order volume during the first thirty (30) days from the effective
date) and has agreed to manufacture, package and test the API and related product in accordance with specifications established
by the parties. All inventions that are developed jointly by the parties in the course of performing activities under the Agreement
will be owned jointly by the parties in accordance with applicable law; however, if the Company funds additional research and
development efforts by PureForm, the parties may enter into a further agreement whereby PureForm would assign any resulting inventions
or technical information to the Company. 

The
initial term of the Agreement is three (3) years commencing on the effective date of the Agreement, subject to extension by mutual
agreement of the parties. The Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days written notice of an uncured material
breach or immediately in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency. The Agreement contains, among other provisions, representation
and warranties, indemnification obligations and confidentiality provisions in favor of each party that are customary for an agreement
of this nature. 

License
Agreement 

On
March 5, 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement (the Agreement with Diverse Biotech, Inc. Diverse ), pursuant to which the Company has acquired an exclusive, perpetual license to develop five therapeutic
candidates (collectively, the Agents with the goal of alleviating the side effects that cancer patients experience.
Under the terms of the Agreement, Diverse has granted the Company an exclusive license to its intellectual property rights covering
the Agents and its products. In exchange, the Company has granted Diverse the right to information relating to the Agents developed
for the express purpose of using such information to obtain patent rights, which right terminates upon the issuance or denial
of the patent rights. 

Under
the Agreement, the Company will maintain sole responsibility and ownership of the development and commercialization of the Agents
and its products. Diverse has agreed not to develop or commercialize any agent or product that would compete with the Agents,
or its products containing the Agents, at any time during or after the term of the Agreement. If Diverse intends to license, sell,
or transfer any other molecules linked with cannabinoids not granted to the Company under the terms of this Agreement, the Company
will have the first right, but not the obligation, to negotiate an agreement with Diverse for such cannabinoids. The Company has
also agreed to pay Diverse an up-front investment payment of 675,000, as well as a running royalty starting with the first commercial
sale by the Company to a third party in an arms -length transaction. The term of the Agreement shall continue for as long
as the Company intends to develop or commercialize the new drugs, unless earlier terminated by either Party. 

Exercise
of Warrants 

On March 10, 2021, the Company received 3,267,245 from the
exercise of warrants to purchase 851,099 shares of common stock. 

F- 17 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit
4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following description sets forth certain material terms and provisions of our securities that are registered under Section 12
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This description also summarizes relevant provisions of Delaware law. The
following summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the applicable
provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, copies of which are incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. In addition, you should be aware that the
summary below does not give full effect to the terms of the provisions of statutory or common law, and we encourage you to read
our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of Delaware law for additional information. In this
description, references to we, us, our, our company and Enveric 
refer to Enveric Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

As
of March 30, 2021, our authorized capital stock consisted of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share; and
20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share. As of March 29, 2021, there were 19,450,507 shares of our common
stock and 0 shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

Pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation, holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted
to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our common stock have no cumulative voting rights. All shares of our common stock validly
authorized and issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

Holders
of our common stock have no preemptive, redemption, conversion or subscription rights. No sinking fund provisions are applicable
to our common stock. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share in all assets
remaining after payment of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any of our outstanding shares of preferred stock.
Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our common stock are entitled
to receive dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of our assets which are legally
available. Such dividends, if any, are payable in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. 

The
holders of a majority of the shares of our capital stock, represented at the special meeting or by proxy, are necessary to constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting. If a quorum is present, an action by stockholders entitled to vote on
a matter is approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast in opposition to the
action, with the exception of the election of directors, which requires a plurality of the votes cast. 

Preferred
Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred
stock in one or more series and to fix the designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional,
or special rights as well as the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividend rights,
conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the
rights of the common stock. Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, can issue convertible preferred stock with voting,
conversion, or other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred
stock could be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change of control or make removal of management more
difficult. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing the market price of our common stock,
and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

Each
share of our non-voting Series B Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of our common stock (subject to adjustment) at
any time at the option of the holders, provided that each holder would be prohibited from converting Series B Preferred Stock
into shares of our common stock if, as a result of such conversion, such holder, together with its affiliates, would own more
than 9.99 of the total number of shares of our common stock then issued and outstanding. This limitation may be waived with respect
to a holder upon such holder s provision of not less than 61 days prior written notice to us. 

In
the event of liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, each holder of Series B Preferred Stock may elect to receive either (i)
in preference to any payments made to the holders of our common stock and any other junior securities, a payment for each share
of Series B Preferred Stock then held equal 0.01, plus an additional amount equal to any dividends declared but unpaid on such
shares, and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon or (ii) the amount of cash, securities or other property
to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to each share of Series B Preferred Stock if such share of Series
B Preferred Stock had been converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation, dissolution, or winding up (without
giving effect to any conversion limitations). 

Shares
of Series B Preferred Stock are not entitled to receive any dividends, unless and until specifically declared by the board of
directors. However, holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends on shares of Series B Preferred Stock
equal (on an as-if-converted-to-common-stock basis) to and in the same form as dividends actually paid on shares of our common
stock when such dividends are specifically declared by our board of directors. We have no right to redeem or repurchase any shares
of Series B Preferred Stock. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock are not otherwise entitled to any preemptive rights, redemption
rights, mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions. 

The
foregoing summary of the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock is qualified in its entirety by reference to the provisions of
the Certificate of Designations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and the DGCL 

Delaware
Law 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ), which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware
corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its
affiliates owns, or within the last three years has owned, 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three (3) years after the
date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a
 business combination with any interested stockholder for three years following the date that the person
became an interested stockholder, unless either the interested stockholder attained such status with the approval of our board
of directors, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and stockholders in a prescribed manner or the interested
stockholder acquired at least 85 of our outstanding voting stock in the transaction in which it became an interested stockholder.
A business combination includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving our company and the interested
stockholder and the sale of more than 10 of our company s assets. In general, an interested stockholder 
is any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with
or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 

Potential
Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock 

We
have shares of common stock and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may utilize these
additional shares for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, to facilitate
corporate acquisitions or payment as a dividend on the capital stock. 

The
existence of unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock may enable our board of directors to issue shares to persons
friendly to current management or to issue preferred stock with terms that could render more difficult or discourage a third-party
attempt to obtain control of our company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, thereby protecting the
continuity of our company s management. In addition, our board of directors has the discretion to determine designations,
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges
and liquidation preferences of each series of preferred stock, all to the fullest extent permissible under the DGCL and subject
to any limitations set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended. The purpose of authorizing
our board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences applicable to such preferred stock
is to eliminate delays associated with a stockholder vote on specific issuances. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing
desirable flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could have the effect
of making it more difficult for a third-party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring, a majority of our
outstanding voting stock. 

Limitations
of Director Liability and Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees 

Section
145 of the DGCL permits indemnification of directors, officers, agents and controlling persons of a corporation under certain
conditions and subject to certain limitations. Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer or agent of the corporation
or another enterprise if serving at the request of our company. Depending on the character of the proceeding, a corporation may
indemnify against expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person indemnified acted in good faith and in a manner he or
she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. In the case of an action by or in the right
of the corporation, no indemnification may be made with respect to any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have
been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such
action or suit was brought shall determine that despite the adjudication of liability such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper. Section 145 further provides that to the extent a present or
former director or officer of a corporation has been successful in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above
or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys 
fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. 

Listing 

Our
common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the trading symbol ENVB. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Transfer Agent and Registrar for our common stock and warrants is Equiniti Trust Company. 

Warrants 

There
are issued and outstanding registered warrants (the Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 11,220 shares of
our common stock, at an exercise price of 411.50 per whole share. The current exercise rate of the Warrants is 1/100 share per
Warrant. However, no fractional shares of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of the Warrants. The exercise
price and exercise rate of the Warrants are subject to certain customary adjustments in the event of stock dividends and distributions,
stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our common stock. 

The
Warrants are exercisable at any time until 5:00 p.m., New York City time, November 21, 2022. A holder will not have the right
to exercise any portion of the Warrants if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 
of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such percentage ownership
is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. However, any holder may increase or decrease such percentage to any
other percentage not in excess of 9.99 upon at least 61 days prior notice from the holder to us. Subject to applicable
laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

In
the event of a fundamental transaction, such as a reorganization, recapitalization or reclassification of our common stock, the
sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with
or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding common stock, or any person or group becoming the
beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding common stock, the holders of the Warrants will be entitled
to receive upon exercise of the Warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have
received had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

The
Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between us and the warrant agent. The warrant agent is
Equiniti Trust Company. 

On
December 30, 2020, we received a written notice from Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC indicating
that the Warrants would be suspended from listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market. A Form 25-NSE was filed with the SEC on December
30, 2020, which removed the Warrants from listing and registration on the Nasdaq Capital Market. The terms of the Warrants are
not affected by the delisting, and the Warrants may still be exercised in accordance with their terms to purchase our common stock. We anticipate that the Warrants will be quoted on the over-the-counter markets operated by OTC Markets Group
under the symbol AMRHW. 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our common stock, the holder
of a Warrant does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our common stock, including any voting rights, until the holder
exercises the Warrant . 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.5>
 3
 ex4-5.htm

Exhibit
4.5 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

SERIES
B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

Enveric
Biosciences, Inc. 

Warrant
Shares: 1,791,923 

 Issue
Date: December 31, 2020 

THIS
SERIES B COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, Alpha Capital Anstalt or
its assigns (the Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions
hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Initial Exercise Date and until the fifth anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date
(the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from Enveric Biosciences, Inc. (f/k/a Ameri
Holdings, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the Company ), up to 1,791,923 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder,
the Warrant Shares of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be
equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

The
Initial Exercise Date of this Warrant shall be the ninetieth (90 th day after the later of the last day of the Lock-up Period
and leak-out Period (accelerated or otherwise) as such terms are defined in the Lock-up Agreement annexed to the Tender Agreement as
Exhibit B thereto. 

Section
1 . Definitions . Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement (the Tender Agreement ), dated August 12,
2020, by and between Jay Pharma Inc., Ameri Holdings, Inc. and the other signatories thereto. 

Section
2 . Exercise . 

a)
 Exercise of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company of a duly executed facsimile
copy or PDF copy submitted by e-mail (or e-mail attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form annexed hereto (the Notice
of Exercise ). Within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement
Period (as defined in Section 2(d)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise
Price for the shares specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer unless the cashless exercise procedure specified
in Section 2(c) below is specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall
any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise be required. Notwithstanding anything
herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased
all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this
Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the final Notice of Exercise is delivered
to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares available
hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the
applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day
of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the
provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available
for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof. 

b)
 Exercise Price . The per Warrant Share exercise price of this Warrant, shall be 0.01, subject to adjustment hereunder (the Exercise
Price ). 

c)
 Cashless Exercise . This Warrant may, at the option of the Holder, be exercised, in whole or in part, for cash or by means of a
 cashless exercise in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where: 

(A)
= as applicable: (i) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if such Notice of
Exercise is (1) both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a day that is not a Trading Day or (2) both executed and
delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof on a Trading Day prior to the opening of regular trading hours (as defined in
Rule 600(b)(68) of Regulation NMS promulgated under the federal securities laws) on such Trading Day, (ii) at the option of the Holder,
either (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise or (z) the Bid Price of the
Common Stock on the principal Trading Market as reported by Bloomberg L.P. as of the time of the Holder s execution of the applicable
Notice of Exercise if such Notice of Exercise is executed during regular trading hours on a Trading Day and is delivered
within two (2) hours thereafter (including until two (2) hours after the close of regular trading hours on a Trading Day)
pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof or (iii) the VWAP on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise if the date of such Notice of Exercise
is a Trading Day and such Notice of Exercise is both executed and delivered pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof after the close of regular
trading hours on such Trading Day; 

(B)
= the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and 

(X)
= the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if such
exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless exercise. 

If
Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrant
Shares being issued may be tacked on to the holding period of this Warrant. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
Section 2(c). 

Bid
Price means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock
is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the bid price of the Common Stock for the time in question (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported on The Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Trading
Market means the NYSE MKT LLC, The NASDAQ Capital Market, The NASDAQ Global Market, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, or The
New York Stock Exchange, Inc. 

VWAP 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in The Pink Open Market (or
a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless exercise pursuant
to this Section 2(c). 

d)
 Mechanics of Exercise . 

i.
 Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . The Company shall cause the Warrant Shares purchased hereunder to be transmitted by
the Transfer Agent to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository
Trust Company through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant
in such system and either (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale
of the Warrant Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale
limitations pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered
in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder
is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earliest
of (i) two (2) Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise, (ii) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the
aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and (iii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise (such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). Upon delivery of the Notice
of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect
to which this Warrant has been exercised, irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate
Exercise Price (other than in the case of a cashless exercise) is received within the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the
number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for
any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company
shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise
(based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise), 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per
Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery
Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is
a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable. As used herein, Standard Settlement
Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading
Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice of Exercise. 

ii.
 Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii.
 Rescission Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv.
 Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(d)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date, and if after such date the Holder is required
by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v.
 No Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

vi.
 Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided ,
 however , that, in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder and the Company may
require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company
shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust Company
(or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii.
 Closing of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

e)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within one Trading Day confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
shall be 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation provisions of this Section 2(e), provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number
of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
this Warrant held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply. Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this
paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct
this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein
contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained
in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

Section
3 . Certain Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the
Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which
the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)
RESERVED. 

c)
 Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise
hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for
the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares
of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights provided , however , that, to
the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership
of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held
in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). 

d)
 Pro Rata Distributions . During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or
other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital
or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend,
spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ),
at any time after the issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution
to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable
upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the
date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution provided ,
 however , that, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder
exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent
(or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such
Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result
in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

e)
 Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company (and all of
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole), directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other
disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase
offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock
are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
50 or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any
reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common
Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly,
in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share Tender Agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation,
a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off, merger or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other
Person or group acquires more than 50 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the
other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or
share Tender Agreement or other business combination) (each a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent
exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such
exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to any limitation
in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of
the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is
exercisable immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this
Warrant). For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such
Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the
securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate
Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction. The Company shall cause any successor
entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in
writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions
of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder
(without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange
for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity)
equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on
the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder
to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental
Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the
purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and
which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor
Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this
Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and
may exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

f)
 Calculations . All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the
case may be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

g)
 Notice to Holder . 

i.
 Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.
 Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company (and all of its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole)
is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the
Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or
email to the Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least
20 calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange; provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
in this Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice
except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

h)
 Voluntary Adjustment By Company . Subject to the rules and regulations of the Trading Market, the Company, at its sole option and
in its sole discretion, may at any time during the term of this Warrant, reduce the then current Exercise Price to any amount and for
any period of time deemed appropriate by the board of directors of the Company. 

Section
4 . Transfer of Warrant . 

a)
 Transferability . Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof,
this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part,
upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of
this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay
any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute
and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations
specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not
so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required
to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall
surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days of the date on which the Holder delivers an assignment form to the
Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for
the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b)
 New Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c)
 Warrant Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
 Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

d)
 Transfer Restrictions . If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 4.1 of that certain Securities Purchase Agreement,
dated as of January 10, 2020, by and between Jay Pharma Inc. and the Holder, as the same may be amended from time to time. 

e)
 Representation by the Holder . The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5 . Miscellaneous . 

a)
 No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise; No Settlement in Cash . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights,
dividends or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly
set forth in Section 3. Without limiting any rights of a Holder to receive Warrant Shares on a cashless exercise pursuant
to Section 2(c) or to receive cash payments pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) and Section 2(d)(iv) herein, in no event shall the Company be
required to net cash settle an exercise of this Warrant. 

b)
 Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate. 

c)
 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day. 

d)
 Authorized Shares . 

The
Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock a
sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant.
The Company further covenants that its issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its officers who are charged with
the duty of issuing the necessary Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all
such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any
applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants
that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly
issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof
(other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously with such issue). 

Except
and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation, amending
its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution, issue or sale
of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Warrant,
but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor upon such exercise
immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order that the Company
may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof,
as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. 

Before
taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the
Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from
any public regulatory body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

e)
 Jurisdiction . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined
in accordance with the provisions of the Tender Agreement. 

f)
 Restrictions . The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered, and
the Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon resale imposed by state and federal securities laws. 

g)
 Nonwaiver and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies. Without limiting any other provision
of this Warrant or the Tender Agreement, if the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs
and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the
Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder. 

h)
 Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Tender Agreement. 

i)
 Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company. 

j)
 Remedies . The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k)
 Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l)
 Amendment . This Warrant may be modified or amended or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the Holder. 

m)
 Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant. 

n)
 Headings . The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant. 

(Signature
Page Follows) 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated. 

Enveric
 Biosciences, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature
Page to Enveric Biosciences Series B Warrant - Alpha] 

NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

To:
Enveric Biosciences, Inc. 

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[ ]
in lawful money of the United States; or 

[ ]
[if permitted the cancellation of such number of Warrant Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set forth in subsection
2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure
set forth in subsection 2(c). 

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

_______________________________ 

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

_______________________________ 

(4)
 Accredited Investor . The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER] 

Name
of Investing Entity: _______________________________________________________________________ 

 Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity : _________________________________________________ 

 Name
of Authorized Signatory: ___________________________________________________________________ 

 Title
of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________________________________________ 

 Date:
_______________________________________________________________________________________ 

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
FORM 

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please
 Print) 
 
 Address: 

(Please
 Print) 

Phone
 Number: 

Email
 Address: 

Dated:
 _______________ __, ______ 

Holder s
 Signature: 

Holder s
 Address: 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-10.1>
 4
 ex10-1.htm

Exhibit 10.1 

SECURED
PROMISSORY NOTE 

THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE made as of the 10 th day of January, 2020. 

B
 E T W E E N: 
 Alpha
 Capital Anstalt 

Lettstrasse
 32 

9490
 Vaduz, Liechtenstein 

Fax:
 011-423-2323196 

Email:
 info@alphacapital.il 

(hereinafter
 called the Noteholder 

-
and - 

Jay
 Pharma Inc., a federally chartered Canadian corporation 

140
 E. Ridgewood Avenue, Suite 415 

Paramus,
 NJ 07652 

Fax: 

Email: 

(hereinafter
 called the Debtor 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower, hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the
order of the Noteholder or its assigns (the Noteholder , and together with the Borrower, the Parties ),
the principal amount of US 1,500,000 (the Loan ), together with all accrued interest thereon, as provided in this
Promissory Note, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, renewed, extended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from
time to time in accordance with its terms (the Note ). The entire principal amount of the Loan shall be deemed to
have been provided to the Borrower on the date above written. 

ARTICLE
I 
Definitions 

Capitalized
terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in this ARTICLE I. 

Advance 
means each disbursement made by the Noteholder to the Borrower under this Agreement. 

Affiliate 
means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled
by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term control (including the terms controlled by and
 under common control with means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction
of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 

Amalgamation 
means the transaction among Ameri Holdings, Inc., Jay Pharma Merger Sub, Inc., Borrower, and Jay Pharma ExchangeCo., Inc. as described
in and on the unamended, unwaived, and precise terms of the Amalgamation Agreement. 

Amalgamation
Agreement means the fully executed agreement among the parties to the Amalgamation, including the exhibits, schedules, thereto
and the documents, agreements and deliverables required or permitted to be delivered in connection therewith. 

Amalgamation
Closing means the closing, fulfillment and completion of the Amalgamation and all of the actions required or permitted to
be taken with respect to the Amalgamation and the Amalgamation Agreement. 

Anti-Terrorist
Financing and Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all Applicable Laws concerning or related to money laundering or financing
terrorism, government sanctions and know your client laws and which are applicable to the Borrower and the Noteholder including
the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Trading with the Enemy Act (United States), Executive
Order No. 13224, and the USA PATRIOT Act. 

Applicable
Law means, in relation to any Person, property, transaction or event, all applicable provisions of: (a) statutes, laws (including
common law), rules, regulations, decrees, ordinances, codes, proclamations, treaties, declarations or orders of any Governmental Authority;
(b) any consents or approvals of any Governmental Authority; and (c) any orders, decisions, advisory or interpretative opinions, injunctions,
judgments, awards, decrees of, or agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person,
property, transaction or event. 

Applicable
Rate means the annual rate equal to seven percent (7 ). 

Borrower 
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Business
Day means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York State are authorized or
required by law to be closed for business. 

Debt 
of the Borrower, means all (a) indebtedness for borrowed money; (b) obligations for the deferred purchase price of property or services,
except trade payables arising in the ordinary course of business; (c) obligations evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar
instruments; (d) obligations as lessee under capital leases and sale and lease-back transactions; (e) obligations in respect of any interest
rate swaps, currency exchange agreements, commodity swaps, or similar arrangements entered into by the Borrower providing for protection
against fluctuations in interest rates, currency exchange rates or commodity prices or the exchange of nominal interest obligations,
either generally or under specific contingencies; (f) obligations under bankers acceptance facilities and letters of credit; (g)
purchase money security obligations; (h) guarantees, surety bonds, and other contingent obligations to purchase, to provide funds for
payment, to supply funds to invest in a Person, or otherwise to assure a creditor against loss, in each case, in respect of indebtedness
set out in clauses (a) through (g) of a Person other than the Borrower; and (i) indebtedness set out in clauses (a) through (h) of any
Person other than Borrower secured by any encumbrance on any asset of the Borrower, whether or not such indebtedness has been assumed
by the Borrower. 

Default 
means any of the events specified in ARTICLE X which constitutes an Event of Default or which, upon the giving of notice, the lapse of
time, or both pursuant to ARTICLE X would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 

Distribution 
means, (a) any declaration or payment of dividends, or other return on capital in respect of any Equity Interests of the Borrower; (b)
any purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Equity Interests of the Borrower; (c) any other payment
or distribution of money or equivalents (including principal, interest, royalties and management fees) by or to the shareholders or creditors
of the Borrower. 

Encumbrance 
means any security interest, mortgage, debenture, pledge, hypothec, assignment (as security), deposit arrangement, lien (statutory or
other), charge, title retention, consignment, lease or other security agreement or trust, right of set-off or other arrangement having
the effect of security for the payment of any debt, liability or obligation. 

Equity
Interests means any and all shares, interests, participations, or other equivalents of shares in a corporation, any and all
equivalent ownership (or profit) interests in a Person, securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or
other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing, whether
voting or non-voting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are authorized or otherwise existing
on any date of determination. 

Event
of Default has the meaning set forth in ARTICLE X. 

ExchangeCo
Special Shares has the meaning set forth in the Amalgamation Agreement. 

GAAP 
means generally accepted accounting principles which are in effect from time to time in the United States, applied in a consistent manner
from period to period. 

Governmental
Authority means: (a) any government, parliament or legislature, any regulatory or administrative authority, agency, commission
or board and any other statute, rule or regulation making entity having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances; (b) any Person acting
within and under the authority of any of the foregoing or under a statute, rule or regulation thereof; and (c) any judicial, administrative
or arbitral court, authority, tribunal or commission having jurisdiction in the relevant circumstances. 

Indemnified
Taxes means: (a) Taxes imposed on or with respect to any payment made by the Borrower; and (b) to the extent not otherwise
described in (a), any and all present or future stamp, court, recording, filing, intangible, documentary or similar Taxes or any other
excise or property Taxes, charges or similar levies arising from any payment made hereunder or from the execution, delivery or enforcement
or registration of, or performance under, or from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under or otherwise with respect to
this Agreement. 

Interest
Payment Date means the Maturity Date, as accelerated or otherwise. 

Loan 
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Material
Adverse Effect means any such matter, event or circumstance that individually, or in the aggregate, could, in the opinion
of the Noteholder, acting reasonably, be expected to have a material adverse effect on the business, assets, properties, liabilities
(actual or contingent), operations, or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower. 

Maturity
Date means the earliest of (a) July 6, 2020 and (b) the date on which all amounts under this Note shall become due and payable
under ARTICLE XI. 

Note 
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Noteholder 
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Order 
as to any Person, means any order, decree, judgment, writ, injunction, settlement agreement, requirement or determination of an arbitrator
or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case, applicable to or binding on such Person or any of its properties or to which
such Person or any of its properties is subject. 

Parties 
has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph. 

Permitted
Debt means Debt (a) existing or arising under this Note and any refinancing thereof; and (b) existing as of the date of this
Note. 

Permitted
Encumbrance means (a) Encumbrances for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings;
and (b) non-consensual Encumbrances arising by operation of law, arising in the ordinary course of business, and for amounts which are
not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; and (c)
Encumbrances created pursuant to the Security Agreement. 

Person 
means an individual, legal or natural person, corporation, company, firm, body corporate, partnership, joint venture, Governmental Authority,
unincorporated organization, trust, association, estate or other entity. 

Resulting
Issuer Common Stock has the meaning set forth in the Amalgamation Agreement. 

Security
Agreement means the security agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between the Borrower and Noteholder, as the same
may be amended, amended and restated, renewed, extended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with its terms. 

Taxes 
means any and all present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, charges, fees or withholdings
imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority, together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties imposed
thereon and with respect thereto. 

ARTICLE
II 
Amalgamation 

Section
2.01 Amalgamation. The Noteholder has been granted certain rights pursuant to the Amalgamation Agreement, including the
right to exchange this Note for securities and registration rights. Borrower agrees to use its best efforts to enable and assist Noteholder
to receive the benefit of those rights. 

ARTICLE
III 
Repayment and Prepayment 

Section
3.01 Final Payment Date. Unless this Note is earlier converted pursuant to Section 2.01, the aggregate unpaid principal amount
of the Loan, all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts payable under this Note shall be due and payable on the Maturity
Date. 

Section
3.02 Payment Grace Period. The Borrower shall not have any grace period to pay any monetary amounts due under this
Note. 

ARTICLE
IV 
Security Agreement 

Section
4.01 Security Agreement. The Borrower s performance of its obligations hereunder is secured by a first priority security
interest in the collateral specified in the Security Agreement. 

ARTICLE
V 
Interest 

Section
5.01 Interest Rate. Except as otherwise provided herein, the outstanding principal amount of the Loan made hereunder shall bear
interest at the Applicable Rate from the date the Loan was made until the Loan is paid in full, whether at maturity, upon
acceleration, by prepayment or otherwise. 

Section
5.02 Interest Payment Dates. Interest shall be calculated daily and shall be payable to the Noteholder on the Maturity
Date, accelerated or otherwise and upon conversion pursuant to Section 2.01, or otherwise. 

Section
5.03 Calculation of Interest and Application of Payments. 

(a) 
 Interest
 on this Note shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Payments made in connection
 with this Note shall be applied first to amounts due hereunder other than principal and interest, thereafter to interest and finally
 to principal. 

(b) 
 For
 the purposes of the Interest Act (Canada) and disclosure under such Act, wherever interest to be paid under this
 Note is to be calculated on the basis of any period of time that is less than a calendar year (an interest period ),
 such rate of interest shall be expressed as a yearly rate by multiplying such rate of interest for the interest period by the actual
 number of days in the calendar year in which the rate is to be ascertained and dividing it by the number of days in the interest
 period. 

Section
5.04 Interest Rate Limitation. If, at any time and for any reason whatsoever, the interest rate payable on the Loan shall
exceed the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged by the Noteholder to the Borrower under Applicable Law, or would result in
receipt by the Noteholder of interest at a criminal rate (as such terms are construed under the Criminal Code (Canada)) such interest
rate shall be reduced automatically to the maximum rate of interest permitted to be charged under Applicable Law. 

ARTICLE
VI 
Place of Payment and Taxes 

Section
6.01 Manner of Payments. All payments of interest and principal shall be made in lawful money of the United States no later than
1:00 p.m. on the date on which such payment is due by wire transfer of immediately available funds without set-off deduction or
counterclaim to the Noteholder s account at a bank specified by the Noteholder in writing to the Borrower from time to
time. 

Section
6.02 Application of Payments. All payments made hereunder shall be applied first to the payment of any fees or charges
outstanding hereunder, second to accrued interest, and third to the payment of the principal amount outstanding under the Note. 

Section
6.03 Business Day Convention. Whenever any payment to be made hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day,
such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and such extension will be taken into account in calculating the amount
of interest payable under this Note. 

Section
6.04 Evidence of Debt. The Noteholder is authorized to record on the grid attached hereto as Exhibit A the
Loan made to the Borrower and each payment or prepayment thereof. The entries made by the Noteholder shall, to the extent permitted
by Applicable Law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein
recorded; provided, however , that the failure of the Noteholder to record such payments or prepayments, or any
inaccuracy therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the Loan in
accordance with the terms of this Note. 

Section
6.05 Rescission of Payments. If at any time any payment made by the Borrower under this Note is rescinded or must otherwise be
restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise, the Borrower s obligation
to make such payment shall be reinstated as though such payment had not been made. 

Section
6.06 Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder shall be made free and clear
of and without reduction or withholding for any taxes; provided that if the Borrower is required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold
any Taxes from such payment, then: 

(a) 
 If
 such tax is an Indemnified Tax, the amount payable by the Borrower shall be increased so that after making all required deductions
 or withholdings, the Noteholder receives an amount equal to the amount it would have received had no such deduction or withholdings
 been made; and 

(b) 
 The
 Borrower shall make such deductions, timely pay the full amount deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with
 Applicable Law, and provide the Noteholder with official receipts or other evidence satisfactory to the Noteholder for each payment. 

ARTICLE
VII 
Representations and Warranties 

The
Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Noteholder on the date hereof as follows: 

Section
7.01 Incorporation and Existence. The Borrower is incorporated and validly existing under the laws of its jurisdiction of
incorporation. 

Section
7.02 Power and Capacity. The Borrower has the corporate power and capacity, and the legal right, to execute and deliver this
Note and the Security Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 

Section
7.03 Authorization; Execution and Delivery. The execution and delivery of this Note and the Security Agreement by the Borrower
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action in
accordance with all Applicable Laws. The Borrower has duly executed and delivered this Note and the Security Agreement. 

Section
7.04 No Approvals. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by, or in respect of, any
Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in order for the Borrower to execute, deliver, or perform any of its
obligations under this Note or the Security Agreement. 

Section
7.05 No Violations. The execution and delivery of this Note and the Security Agreement and the consummation by the Borrower of
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not (a) violate any provision of the Borrower s articles,
by-laws, or any shareholders agreement; (b) violate any Applicable Law or Order applicable to the Borrower or by which any of its
properties or assets may be bound; or (c) constitute a default under any material agreement or contract by which the Borrower may be
bound. 

Section
7.06 Enforceability. Each of the Note and the Security Agreement is a valid, legal and binding obligation of the Borrower,
enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general
equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

Section
7.07 No Litigation. No action, suit, litigation, investigation or proceeding of, or before, any arbitrator or Governmental
Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its property or assets (a)
with respect to the Note, the Security Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or (b) that would be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section
7.08 Taxes. The Borrower has filed on a timely basis all Tax returns, elections and reports that are required to be filed
by it under Applicable Law and has paid, collected, withheld and remitted all Taxes and remittances shown thereon to be due and payable,
collectible or remittable by it under Applicable Law, and all other Taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it or any of its property
by any Governmental Authority. No tax liens have been filed, and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, no claim is being asserted, with
respect to any such Tax, fee or other charge. 

Section
7.09 Financial Statements. Annexed hereto as Exhibit B is financial information of the Company Financial Statements ). The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The Financial
Statements fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Borrower as of and for the dates thereof and the
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject to normal, immaterial year end adjustments which would be
required pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles. 

ARTICLE
VIII 
Positive Covenants 

Until
all amounts outstanding in this Note have been paid in full, the Borrower shall: 

Section
8.01 Maintenance of Existence. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its corporate or organizational
existence; and (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licences and franchises necessary or
desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case, where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section
8.02 Compliance. Comply with (a) all of the terms and provisions of its articles, by-laws and any unanimous shareholder
agreement; (b) its obligations under its material contracts and agreements; and (c) all Applicable Laws and Orders applicable to it and
its business, except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section
8.03 Payment Obligations. Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as
the case may be, all its material obligations of whatever nature, except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested
in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on its books. 

Section
8.04 Notice of Events of Default. As soon as possible and in any event within one (1) Business Day after it becomes aware that a
Default or an Event of Default has occurred, notify the Noteholder in writing of the nature and extent of such Default or Event of
Default and the action, if any, it has taken or proposes to take with respect to such Default or Event of Default. 

Section
8.05 Furnishing of Information. For so long as this Note is outstanding, Borrower shall deliver to the Noteholder: (i)
for each of Borrower s first three fiscal quarters unaudited quarterly financial statements within 45 calendar days after each
quarter-end, (ii) within 120 days after each of Borrower s fiscal year ends, annual audited financial statements prepared according
to GAAP, and (iii) copies of any documents or data furnished to Borrower s stockholders in their capacity as stockholders regarding
the Borrower or its affairs, simultaneously with the furnishing of such documents or data to such stockholders. 

Section
8.06 Further Assurances. Upon the request of the Noteholder, promptly execute and deliver such further instruments and
do or cause to be done such further acts as may be necessary or advisable to carry out the intent and purposes of this Note and the Security
Agreement. 

Section
8.07 Use of Proceeds . The Company will only use the proceeds of the Loan in accordance with the use of proceeds set forth on Schedule
8.7. 

ARTICLE
IX 
Negative Covenants 

Until
all amounts outstanding under this Note have been paid in full, the Borrower shall not: 

Section
9.01 Indebtedness. Incur, create or assume any Debt, other than Permitted Debt. 

Section
9.02 Encumbrances. Incur, create, assume or suffer to exist any Encumbrance on any of its property or assets, whether now
owned or hereinafter acquired except for Permitted Encumbrances. 

Section
9.03 Line of Business. Enter into any business, directly or indirectly, except for those businesses in which the Borrower
is engaged on the date of this Note or that are reasonably related thereto. 

Section
9.04 Limitation on Changes to Capital Structure. Make any change to its capital structure, authorize or issue any Equity
Interests of the Borrower. 

Section
9.05 Limitation on Dispositions. Sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of its assets or property outside of
the ordinary course of business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or issue of sell any Equity Interests of the Borrower to
any Person. 

Section
9.06 Limitation on Distributions. Make any Distributions to shareholders or creditors. 

Section
9.07 Compliance with Anti-Terrorist Financing and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Violate any applicable Anti-Terrorist
Financing and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 

Section
9.08 Amalgamation Agreement. Take or suffer any act not permitted under the Amalgamation Agreement. 

ARTICLE
X 
Events of Default 

The
occurrence and continuance of any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: 

Section
10.01 Failure to Pay. The Borrower fails to pay (a) any principal amount of the Loan when due or (b) interest or any other
amount when due. 

Section
10.02 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower to the
Noteholder herein or in the Security Agreement is incorrect in any material respect on the date as of which such representation or warranty
was made or deemed made. 

Section
10.03 Breach of Covenants. The Borrower fails to observe or perform (a) any covenant, condition or agreement contained
in ARTICLE IX or (b) any other material covenant, obligation, condition or agreement contained in this Note or the Security Agreement
other than those specified in clause (a) and Section 10.01 and, in either case of (a) or (b), and if capable of cure and subject to any
other provision of this Note, such failure continues for five (5) Business Days after written notice to the Borrower. 

Section
10.04 Cross-defaults. The Borrower fails to pay when due any of its Debt (other than Debt arising under this Note) or any
interest or premium thereon when due (whether by scheduled maturity, acceleration, demand or otherwise) and such failure continues after
the applicable grace period, if any, specified in the agreement or instrument relating to such Debt. 

Section
10.05 Bankruptcy and Insolvency. 

(a) 
 the
 Borrower commences any application, proceeding or other action (i) under any existing or future Applicable Law relating to bankruptcy,
 insolvency, reorganization, or other relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking
 to adjudicate it as bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, proposal, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation,
 dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts or (ii) seeking appointment of a receiver, interim receiver,
 receiver and manager, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any part of its assets, or the
 Borrower makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; 

(b) 
 there
 is commenced against the Borrower any application, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in Section 10.05(a) which (i)
 results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (ii) remains undismissed, undischarged or
 unbonded for a period of thirty (30) calendar days; 

(c) 
 there
 is commenced against the Borrower any application, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a writ of seizure and sale, execution,
 garnishment, or similar process against all or any part of its assets which results in the entry of an order for any such relief
 which has not been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within thirty (30) calendar days from the entry thereof; 

(d) 
 the
 Borrower takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth
 in Section 10.05(a), Section 10.05(b) or Section 10.05(c); or 

(e) 
 the
 Borrower is generally not, or shall be unable to, or admits in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due. 

Section
10.06 Judgments and Executions. One or more judgments or writs of seizure and sale shall be entered, issued or registered
against the Borrower and all of such judgments or writs of enforcement shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending
appeal within thirty (30) calendar days from the entry thereof. 

Section
10.07 Abandonment or Delay of Amalgamation. The Amalgamation shall be abandoned by any party thereto or the Amalgamation
Closing shall not have occurred by March 31, 2020. 

ARTICLE
XI 
Remedies 

Section
11.01 Remedies. Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such Event
of Default, the Noteholder may, at its option, by written notice to the Borrower (a) declare the entire principal amount of this
Note, together with all accrued interest thereon and all other amounts payable hereunder, immediately due and payable; and/or (b)
exercise any or all of its rights, powers or remedies under the Security Agreement or Applicable Law; provided,
however that, if an Event of Default described in Section 10.05 or 10.07 shall occur, the principal of and accrued interest
on the Loan shall become immediately due and payable without any notice, declaration or other act on the part of the
Noteholder. 

ARTICLE
XII 
Miscellaneous 

Section
12.01 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or
certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv)
transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, facsimile, or electronic mail, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder
shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile
machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is
to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal business
hours where such notice is to be received), or (b) upon receipt, when sent by electronic mail (provided confirmation of transmission
is electronically generated and keep on file by the sending party), or (c) on the second business day following the date of mailing by
express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur.
The addresses for such communications shall be as follows: (i) if to Borrower, to: Jay Pharma, Inc., Attn: David Stefansky, Email: dstefansky@bezalelpartners.com,
with a copy by email or fax only to (which shall not constitute notice): Haynes and Boone LLP, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, 26 th Floor,
New York, NY 10112, Attn: Rick Werner, Esq., Email: Rick.Werner@haynesboone.com, Fax: (212) 884-8234, and (ii) if to the Noteholder,
to: the address, email address or fax number indicated on the front page of this Note, with an additional copy by email or fax only to
(which shall not constitute notice): Grushko Mittman, P.C., 515 Rockaway Avenue, Valley Stream, New York 11581, Email: counslers@grushkomittman.com,
Fax: (212) 697-3575. 

Section
12.02 Expenses. The Borrower agrees to reimburse the Noteholder on demand for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket
costs, expenses and fees (including reasonable expenses and fees of its external counsel) incurred by the Noteholder in connection with
the transactions contemplated hereby including (a) the negotiation, documentation and execution of this Note and the Security Agreement;
and (b) the enforcement of the Noteholder s rights hereunder and thereunder. 

Section
12.03 Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by the Note or Security Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective
affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall if commenced by any Person other than the Noteholder be
commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the New York
Courts ); and if commenced by the Noteholder, at the election of Noteholder, in New York Courts or in any other
jurisdiction having jurisdiction over the non-Noteholder party to such legal proceedings. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Note or
Security Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for
such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such
suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of
delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Note or
the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Note,
then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its attorneys fees and
other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. This Note
shall be deemed an unconditional obligation of Borrower for the payment of money and, without limitation to any other remedies of
Noteholder, may be enforced against Borrower by summary proceeding pursuant to New York Civil Procedure Law and Rules Section 3213
or any similar rule or statute in the jurisdiction where enforcement is sought. For purposes of such rule or statute, any other
document or agreement to which Noteholder and Borrower are parties or which Borrower delivered to Noteholder, which may be
convenient or necessary to determine Noteholder s rights hereunder or Borrower s obligations to Noteholder are deemed a
part of this Note, whether or not such other document or agreement was delivered together herewith or was executed apart from this
Note. 

Section
12.04 Counterparts; Electronic Delivery. This Note, any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed
in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all
taken together shall constitute a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Note by facsimile
or in electronic (such as pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
counterpart of this Note. 

Section
12.05 Entire Agreement. This Note and the Security Agreement constitute the sole and entire agreement of the parties hereto
with respect to the subject matter contained herein and therein and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings,
agreements, representations and warranties both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. 

Section
12.06 Successors and Assigns. This Note may be assigned or transferred by the Noteholder to any Person. The Borrower may
not assign or transfer this Note or any of its rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the Noteholder which consent may
be refused in the absolute discretion of the Noteholder without providing any reason whatsoever. This Note shall enure to the benefit
of, and be binding upon, the Parties and their permitted assigns. 

Section
12.07 Waiver of Notice. The Borrower hereby waives demand for payment, presentment for payment, protest, notice of payment,
notice of dishonour, notice of nonpayment, notice of acceleration of maturity and diligence in taking any action to collect sums
owing hereunder. 

Section
12.08 Interpretation. For purposes of this Note (a) the words include , includes and
 including shall be deemed to be followed by the words without limitation (b) the word or 
is not exclusive; and (c) the words herein , hereof , hereby , hereto and
 hereunder refer to this Note as a whole. The definitions given for any defined terms in this Note shall apply equally
to both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. Unless the context otherwise requires, references herein: (x) to Schedules,
Exhibits and Sections mean the Schedules, Exhibits and Sections of this Note; (y) to an agreement, instrument or other document
means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted
by the provisions thereof; and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor
legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. This Note shall be construed without regard to any presumption or
rule requiring construction or interpretation against the party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. All
dollar amounts referred to in this Note mean the lawful currency of the United States of America. 

Section
12.09 Amendments and Waivers. None of the terms or provisions of this Note may be amended, modified, supplemented,
terminated or waived, except by an instrument in writing signed by both of the parties hereto. Any waiver of the terms hereof shall
be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose given. 

Section
12.10 Headings. The headings of the various sections and subsections herein are for reference only and shall not define,
modify, expand or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 

Section
12.11 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising on the part of the Noteholder, of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any
rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

Section
12.12 Severability. Any provision hereof which is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction
shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without invalidating
the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other
jurisdiction. 

Section
12.13 Absolute Obligation. Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Note shall alter or impair the obligation
of Borrower, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay the principal and accrued interest or other monetary amounts on this Note
at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. This Note is a direct debt obligation of
Borrower. 

Section
12.14 Lost or Mutilated Note. If this Note shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, Borrower shall execute and
deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated Note, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost,
stolen or destroyed Note, a new Note for the principal amount of this Note so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon
receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such Note, and of the ownership hereof, reasonably satisfactory to
Borrower. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOLLOWS] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower has executed this Note as of January 10, 2020. 

JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By 
 /s/
 David Stefansky 

Name: 
 David
 Stefansky 

Title: 
 President
 and Secretary 

EXHIBIT
A 

Evidence
of Debt 

[See
attached] 

EXHIBIT
B 

Financial
Statements 

[See
attached] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 5
 ex10-2.htm

Exhibit
10.2 

NOTE
AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS
NOTE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, entered into as of May 6, 2020, (this Note Amendment ), is among Jay Pharma Inc., a federally
chartered Canadian corporation Borrower) and Alpha Capital Anstalt (the Noteholder to amend that certain
Secured Promissory Note dated January 10, 2020 in the principal amount of 1,500,000 (the Note ). 

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, Borrower and Noteholder agree as follows: 

1.
The definition of Maturity Date set forth in Article I of the Note is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

Maturity
Date means the earliest of (a) September 30, 2020, and (b) the date on which all amounts under this Note shall become
due and payable under ARTICLE XI. 

2.
Section 10.07 is deleted and replaced with the following: 

Section
10.07 Abandonment or Delay of Amalgamation . The Amalgamation shall be abandoned by any party thereto or the Amalgamation Closing
shall not have occurred by September 30, 2020. 

3.
Except as specifically modified herein the Note remains in full force and effect and is incorporated herein. This Note Amendment
is deemed a part of the Note and governed by all the terms therein. 

4.
This Note Amendment, any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all taken together shall constitute
a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Note Amendment by facsimile or in electronic
(such as pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Note Amendment. 

In
witness of whereof the parties have caused this Note Amendment to be duly executed as of the date written above. 

BORROWER 
 
 NOTEHOLDER 

Jay
 Pharma Inc. 
 
 Alpha
 Capital Anstalt 

/s/
 Henoch Cohn 
 
 /s/
 Nicola Feuerstein 
 
 By:
 Henoch Cohn 
 
 By:
 Nicola Feuerstein 
 
 Its:
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Its:
 Secretary 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 6
 ex10-3.htm

Exhibit
10.3 

SECOND
NOTE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS
SECOND NOTE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, entered into as of June 23, 2020, (this Second Note Amendment ), is among Jay Pharma
Inc., a federally chartered Canadian corporation Borrower) and Alpha Capital Anstalt (the Noteholder to
further amend that certain Secured Promissory Note dated January 10, 2020 in the principal amount of 1,500,000 (the Note ). 

WHEREAS,
Noteholder and Borrower have agreed for Noteholder to make an advance of US 500,000 to Borrower on the same terms and conditions
as the amount of US 1,500,000 advanced to Borrower on January 10, 2020, including but not limited to the grant of a security interest
and conversion rights. 

IN
CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, Borrower and Noteholder agree as follows: 

1.
The definition of Loan set forth in the preamble to the Note is hereby amended to be US 2,000,000 of which US 1,500,000
principal amount was advanced January 10, 2020 Initial Advance and US 500,000 principal amount is deemed advanced
as of the date of this Second Note Amendment (the June Advance ). 

2.
Borrower grants Noteholder a security interest and rights with respect to the June Advance as were granted to Borrower with respect
to the Initial Advance pursuant to the Note and the Security Agreement dated January 10, 2020 (the Security Agreement entered into in connection with the Note. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Obligations as employed in the Security
Agreement includes the June Advance and all amounts payable in connection with the June Advance. 

3.
The Noteholder is granted all of the rights, benefits, and remedies with respect to the June Advance as are held by Noteholder
in connection with the Initial Advance, including but not limited to, the rights set forth in Section 2.01 of the Note with respect
to the Amalgamation Agreement. 

4.
The Noteholder and Borrower entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of January 10, 2020 SPA with
respect to the purchase for US 3,500,000 of Borrower s Shares and Series A Warrants (as defined in the SPA) upon the conditions
and terms set forth in the SPA. It is hereby agreed that such sum is reduced to US 3,000,000. 

5.
The Note, Security Agreement and SPA are hereby modified mutatis mutandis to effectuate the terms of this Second Note Amendment.
Borrower undertakes to amend the Amalgamation Agreement and other agreements as necessary to incorporate the terms of this Second
Note Amendment. 

6.
Except as specifically modified herein the Note, Security Agreement and SPA remains in full force and effect and is incorporated
herein. This Second Note Amendment is deemed a part of the Note and governed by all the terms therein. 

7.
This Second Note Amendment, any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in counterparts (and by different
parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all taken together shall constitute
a single contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Second Note Amendment by facsimile or in electronic
(such as pdf or tif format shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this
Second Note Amendment. 

In
witness of whereof the parties have caused this Second Note Amendment to be duly executed as of the date written above. 

BORROWER 
 
 NOTEHOLDER 

Jay
 Pharma Inc. 
 
 Alpha
 Capital Anstalt 

/s/
 Henoch Cohn 
 
 /s/
 Nicola Feurstein 
 
 By:
 Henoch Cohn 
 
 By:
 Nicola Feurstein 
 
 Its:
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Its:
 Secretary 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 7
 ex10-4.htm

Exhibit
10.4 

THIRD
NOTE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS
THIRD NOTE AMENDMENT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made and entered into as of August 12, 2020, by and between
Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Borrower ), and Alpha Capital Anstalt Noteholder ),
and amends, in accordance with Section 12.09 of, that certain Secured Promissory Note, dated as of January 10, 2020 (the Original
Note ), issued by Borrower in favor of Noteholder, as amended by that certain Note Amendment Agreement, dated as of
May 6, 2020 Amendment No. 1 ), as amended by that certain Second Note Amendment Agreement, dated as of June
23, 2020 Amendment No. 2 and, together with the Original Note and Amendment No. 1, the Note ).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Note. 

1.
 Amendments . In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Note, the Note shall be amended as follows, effective as
of the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 defined term Amalgamation in Article I of the Note shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

Offer 
 means the transaction among Ameri Holdings Inc. and Borrower as described in and on the unamended, unwaived and precise terms
 of the Tender Agreement. 

b. 
 The
 defined term Amalgamation Agreement in Article I of the Note shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by
 the following: 

Tender
 Agreement means the fully executed agreement among the parties to the Offer, including the exhibits and schedules
 thereto and the documents, agreements and deliverables required or permitted to be delivered in connection therewith. 

c. 
 The
 defined term Amalgamation Closing in Article I of the Note shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by
 the following: 

Offer
 Closing means the closing, fulfillment and completion of the Offer and all of the actions required or permitted
 to be taken with respect to the Offer and the Tender Agreement. 

d. 
 The
 defined term ExchangeCo Special Shares in Article I of the Note shall be deleted. 

e. 
 The
 defined term Maturity Date in Article I of the Note shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

Maturity
 Date means the earliest of (a) January 1, 2021, and (b) the date on which all amounts under this Note shall become
 due and payable under ARTICLE XI. 

f. 
 All
 references to the defined terms Amalgamation , Amalgamation Agreement , or Amalgamation Closing 
 shall be revised to be references to the defined terms Offer , Tender Agreement , or Offer
 Closing , as applicable. 

g. 
 Section
 10.07 of the Note shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

Section
 10.07 Abandonment or Delay of Offer . The Offer shall be abandoned by any party thereto or the Offer Closing shall not
 have occurred by January 1, 2021. 

h. 
 A
 new Section 12.15 shall be added to the Note and shall read as follows: 

Section
 12.15 Exchange Agreement . Prior to the completion of the Offer, the Noteholder and Ameri Holdings, Inc. will enter into
 an exchange agreement, pursuant to which this Note shall be exchanged for securities of Ameri Holdings, Inc. in form acceptable
 to Noteholder. 

2.
 Effect of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations,
warranties, covenants and conditions contained in the Note shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment,
and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed
in all respects. This Amendment shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other
amendment, modification or waiver of the Note, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or therein.
This Amendment is supplemental to the Note and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in connection
with and as a part of, the Note for any and all purposes. 

3.
 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures
shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY: 

JAY
 PHARMA INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Print
 Name: Henoch Cohn 

PURCHASER: 

ALPHA
 CAPITAL ANSTALT 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicola Feuerstein 

Secretary

Print
 Name: Nicola Feuerstein 

Signature
Page to Third Note Amendment Agreement 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 8
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit
10.5 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of January 10, 2020, between Jay Pharma, Inc.,
a Canadian corporation (the Company ), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto (each,
including its successors and assigns, a Purchaser and collectively the Purchasers ). 

WHEREAS,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell
to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company
as more fully described in this Agreement. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I. 
DEFINITIONS 

1.1
 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.3. 

Action 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j). 

Affiliate 
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
control with a Person as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Amalgamation
Agreement means the amalgamation agreement between the Company and Ameri in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A. 

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or
any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action
to close. 

Closing 
means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1. 

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable
parties thereto, and all conditions precedent to (i) the Purchasers obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii)
the Company s obligations to deliver the Securities, in each case, have been satisfied or waived. 

Commission 
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which
such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to
acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument
that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive,
Common Stock. 

Company
Counsel means Haynes and Boone, LLP with offices located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, 26th Floor, New York, New York. 

Disclosure
Schedules means the Disclosure Schedules of the Company delivered concurrently herewith. 

Escrow
Agent means Signature Bank, a New York State chartered bank, with offices at 261 Madison Avenue, New York, New York
10016. 

Escrow
Agreement means the escrow agreement entered into prior to the date hereof, by and among the Company, the Escrow Agent
and Palladium Capital Advisors LLC pursuant to which the Purchasers shall deposit Subscription Amounts with the Escrow Agent to
be applied to the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Exempt
Issuance means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Company
pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of
Directors or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose for services rendered
to the Company in existence as of the date hereof, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities
exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of this Agreement,
provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities
or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of such securities (other than in connection with stock
splits or combinations) or to extend the term of such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic
transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only
be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an
owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to the Company additional benefits
in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities primarily
for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities; and (d) following the consummation
of the Public Merger Transaction, securities issued in one public or private offering of common stock or Common Stock Equivalents
without any price protection, repricing provision, ratchet provisions or other terms that would qualify the transaction as a Variable
Rate Transaction, for aggregate gross proceeds of at least 5,000,000 at a price per share that implies a pre-money valuation
of at least 30,000,000. 

FCPA 
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

GAAP 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Indebtedness 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(bb). 

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(p). 

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 

Liens 
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(n). 

Per
Share Purchase Price is as set forth in Section 2.2 hereof, subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits,
stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

Person 
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Placement
Agent means Palladium Capital Advisors LLC. 

Pre-Funded
Warrants has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 

Proceeding 
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Public
Merger Transaction means the contemplated acquisition of the company by Ameri Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation
whose common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Ameri and the proposed merger or other legal
form of acquisition of the Company by Ameri (the Merger in accordance with the terms of the Amalgamation Agreement. 

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.8. 

Registration
Statement means the effective registration statement of Ameri on Form S-4 or S-1covering the issuance to or resale
by the Purchasers of the Shares and the Warrant Shares to the Purchasers. 

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(e). 

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted
from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose
and effect as such Rule. 

Securities 
means the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Series
A Warrants means the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section
2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form
of Exhibit B , attached hereto. 

Shares 
means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and any Shares of Ameri issued
upon the closing of the Public Merger Transaction. 

Subscription
Amount means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount to be paid for Shares and Series A Warrants purchased hereunder
as specified below such Purchaser s name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to the heading Subscription
Amount, in United States dollars and in immediately available funds. 

Subsidiary 
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock to be issued upon the Public Merger
Transaction is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq
Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, the Series A Warrants the Pre-Funded Warrants, and all exhibits and schedules thereto
and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Warrants 
means the Series A Warrants and the Pre-Funded Warrants. 

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

ARTICLE
II. 
PURCHASE AND SALE 

2.1
 Closing . On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally
and not jointly, agree to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,500,00 of Shares and Series A Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver
to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as set
forth on the signature page hereto executed by such Purchaser within three Business Days of notice from the Placement Agent, and
the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective Shares and a Series A Warrant (or cause Ameri to issue, as of the effective
time of the Merger), as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items
set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2
and 2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

2.2
 Deliveries . 

(a)
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Purchaser the following: 

(i) 
 this
 Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) 
 the
 Escrow Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(iii) 
 a
 legal opinion of Company Counsel, substantially in the form reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent and the Purchasers; 

(iv) 
 a
 copy of the irrevocable instructions to the transfer agent of Ameri instructing the transfer agent to deliver the number of
 Shares equal to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name
 of such Purchaser, such Per Share Purchase Price to be a (X) fraction equal to the Purchaser s Subscription Amount divided
 by the aggregate subscription amount of all Purchasers (Y) multiplied by such number of Shares as shall equal 7.26 of the
 number of shares of Ameri common stock outstanding immediately after the Public Merger Transaction; 

(v) 
 at
 the request of a Purchaser, some or all of the Shares, as specified in writing by such Purchaser, shall be delivered in the
 form of a Pre-Funded Warrant, in the form of Exhibit C attached hereto Pre-Funded Warrants ); 

(vi) 
 a
 Series A Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to 100 
 of such Purchaser s Shares, with an exercise price equal to 120 of the Per Share Purchase Price, subject to adjustment
 therein; and 

(vii) 
 the
 Company shall have provided each Purchaser with the Company s wire instructions, on Company letterhead and executed
 by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer. 

(b)
On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company or the Escrow Agent, as
applicable, the following: 

(i) 
 this
 Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) 
 to
 the Escrow Agent, such Purchaser s Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the account specified in the Escrow Agreement. 

2.3
 Closing Conditions . 

(a)
The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) 
 the
 accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
 Adverse Effect, in all respects) on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein
 (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 

(ii) 
 all
 obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have
 been performed; and 

(iii) 
 the
 delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 

(b)
The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
being met: 

(i) 
 the
 accuracy in all material respects (or, to the extent representations or warranties are qualified by materiality or Material
 Adverse Effect, in all respects) when made and on the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
 herein (unless as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of such date); 

(ii) 
 all
 obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been
 performed; 

(iii) 
 the
 delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; 

(iv) 
 there
 shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof; and 

(v) 
 the
 Public Merger Transaction shall be ready to close subject only to filing a Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary
 of State; and 

(vi) 
 from
 the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in Ameri s common stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission
 or the Company s principal Trading Market, and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in securities generally
 as reported by Bloomberg L.P., shall not have been suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established
 on securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been
 declared either by the United States or New York State authorities. 

ARTICLE
III. 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

3.1
 Representations and Warranties of the Company . Except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules
shall be deemed a part hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the extent of the disclosure contained
in the corresponding section of the Disclosure Schedules. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties
to each Purchaser: 

(a)
 Subsidiaries . All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) . The Company
owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens,
and all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable
and free of preemptive and similar rights to subscribe for or purchase securities. If the Company has no subsidiaries, all other
references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded. 

(b)
 Organization and Qualification . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite
power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the
Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation,
bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business
and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as
the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity
or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on
the Company s ability to perform in any material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document
(any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification . 

(c)
 Authorization; Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action
on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders
in connection herewith or therewith other than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction
Document to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against
the Company in accordance with its terms, except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii)
as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii)
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(d)
 No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any Subsidiary s certificate
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default
(or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon
any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration
or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing
a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which
any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court
or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations),
or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii)
and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(e)
 Filings, Consents and Approvals . The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of,
give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority
or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other
than the filing of Form D such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals ). 

(f)
 Issuance of the Securities . The Securities are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable
Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the
Company other than restrictions on transfer provide for in the Transaction Documents. The Warrant Shares, when issued in accordance
with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens
imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provide for in the Transaction Documents. The Company has reserved
from its duly authorized capital stock the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement and the
Warrants. 

(g)
 Capitalization . The capitalization of the Company as of the date hereof is as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g) . No Person
has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities,
rights or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or
acquire, any shares of Common Stock or the capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements
by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents
or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to
issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any
holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are
no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and
there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound
to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or phantom
stock plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state securities
laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for
or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required
for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements
with respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between
or among any of the Company s stockholders. 

(h)
RESERVED. 

(i)
 Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(i) , (i) there
has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse
Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued
expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected
in the Company s financial statements pursuant to GAAP, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, (iv)
the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased,
redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and (v) the Company has not issued any equity
securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. 

(j)
 Litigation . There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge
of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by
any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability
of any of the Transaction Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have or reasonably
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor, to the Company s knowledge,
any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under
federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. To the knowledge of the Company, there has not been and
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director
or officer of the Company. The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration
statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

(k)
 Labor Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees
of the Company, which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company s or its
Subsidiaries employees is a member of a union that relates to such employee s relationship with the Company or such
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company
and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment contract,
confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not
subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters that would reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, the Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance
with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and
conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l)
 Compliance . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred
that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary
under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation
of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any
of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree
or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) to the knowledge of the Company, is or has been in
violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign,
federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and
safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
Adverse Effect. 

(m)
 Environmental Laws . The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land
surface or subsurface strata), including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals,
pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport
or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments,
licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder Environmental Laws ); (ii) have received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable
Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses; and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such
permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and (iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(n)
 Regulatory Permits . The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the
appropriate federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as currently
conducted, except where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect Material Permits ), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating
to the revocation or modification of any Material Permit. 

(o)
 Title to Assets . The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned
by them and good and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and
the Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such
property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries
and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance
with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties. Any real property and facilities held under
lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except those matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(p)
 Intellectual Property . The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications,
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual
property rights and similar rights necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses and which the
failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the Intellectual Property Rights ).
None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual
Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2)
years from the date of this Agreement, except where such action would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, in the prior three years, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any
knowledge that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person, except as could not have or
reasonably be expected to not have a Material Adverse Effect. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property
Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The
Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all
of their intellectual properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(q)
 Insurance . The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
losses and risks and in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries
are engaged. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance
coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue
its business without a significant increase in cost. 

(r)
 Transactions With Affiliates and Employees . Except as set forth on Schedule 3.1(r) , none of the officers or directors
of the Company or any Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary
is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and
directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise
requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which
any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee, stockholder, member
or partner, in each case in excess of 120,000 other than for (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered,
(ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements
under any stock option plan of the Company. 

(s)
RESERVED. 

(t)
 Certain Fees . No brokerage or finder s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any Subsidiary
to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect
to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than the Placement Agent. The Purchasers shall have no obligation
with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in
this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

(u)
 Private Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
no registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers
as contemplated hereby. 

(v)
 Investment Company . The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities,
will not be or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended. The Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company 
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(w)
 Registration Rights . No Person has any right to cause the Company or any Subsidiary to effect the registration under the
Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(x)
 RESERVED . 

(y)
 Application of Takeover Protections . The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in
order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under
a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company s certificate of incorporation (or similar
charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result
of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including
without limitation as a result of the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities. 

(z)
 Disclosure . All of the disclosure furnished by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and
its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to
this Agreement, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the
transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 

(aa)
 No Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section
3.2, neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly,
made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this
offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the Securities Act which would
require the registration of any such securities under the Securities Act. 

(bb)
 Solvency . Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the
receipt by the Company of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder, (i) the fair saleable value of the Company s
assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Company s existing debts and other liabilities
(including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Company s assets do not constitute unreasonably small
capital to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account
the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and projected capital requirements
and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would
receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient
to pay all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend
to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable
on or in respect of its debt). The Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to believe that it will
file for reorganization or liquidation under the bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from the
Closing Date. Schedule 3.1(bb) sets forth as of the date hereof all outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the
Company or any Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments. For the purposes of this Agreement, Indebtedness 
means (x) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of 50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred
in the ordinary course of business), (y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness
of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Company s consolidated balance sheet (or the notes
thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the
ordinary course of business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of 50,000 due under leases required to
be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness. 

(cc)
 Tax Status . Except for matters that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result
in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United States federal, state and
local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which
it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined
to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the
payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There
are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of
the Company or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. 

(dd)
 No General Soliciations . Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of
the Securities by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only
to the Purchasers and certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

(ee)
 Foreign Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary,
any agent or other person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for
unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii)
made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties
or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made
by any person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) violated in any material
respect any provision of FCPA. 

(ff)
 Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the
Purchasers is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary
of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby
and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction
Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities.
The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company s decision to enter into this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company
and its representatives. 

(gg)
 Office of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any director,
officer, agent, employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC ). 

(hh)
 U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation . The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation
within the meaning of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser s
request. 

(ii)
 Bank Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Company s knowledge, Affiliates
is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
or, to the Company s knowledge, Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent (5 or more of the outstanding
shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or, to the Company s
knowledge, Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject
to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(jj)
 Money Laundering . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance
with applicable financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of
1970, as amended, applicable money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money
Laundering Laws ), and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any
arbitrator involving the Company or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of
the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 

(kk)
 No Disqualification Events . With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under
the Securities Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other
officer of the Company participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding
voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under
the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person 
and, together, Issuer Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification
Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person
is subject to a Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under
Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. 

(ll)
 Other Covered Persons . Other than the Placement Agent, the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered
Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with
the sale of any Securities. 

(mm)
 Notice of Disqualification Events . The Company will notify the Purchasers and the Placement Agent in writing, prior to
the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the
passage of time, become a Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person. 

3.2
 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers . Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents
and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein,
in which case they shall be accurate as of such date): 

(a)
 Organization; Authority . Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership
limited liability company or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction
Documents and performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized
by all necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser.
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser
in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against
it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii)
as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii)
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 

(b)
 Own Account . Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered
under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account
and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act
or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities
Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons
to distribute or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law (this representation and warranty not limiting such Purchaser s right to sell the Securities pursuant to the Registration
Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c)
 Purchaser Status . At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on
each date on which it exercises any Warrants, it will be either: (i) an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
(a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a qualified institutional buyer as defined in
Rule 144A(a) under the Securities Act. 

(d)
 Experience of Such Purchaser . Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication
and experience in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment
in the Securities, and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk
of an investment in the Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(e)
 General Solicitation . Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchaser s knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result
of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or
similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or, to the knowledge of such Purchaser, any other
general solicitation or general advertisement. 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such
Purchaser s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations
and warranties contained in any other Transaction Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection
with this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE
IV. 
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1
 Transfer Restrictions . 

(a)
The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of
Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser
or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to
the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance
of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration
of such transferred Securities under the Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing
to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall have the rights and obligations of
a Purchaser under this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. 

(b)
The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the
following form: 

THIS
SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE
UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY,
MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED
BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a
registered broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited
investor as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such
Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be
subject to approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required
in connection therewith. Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchaser s expense, the
Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request
in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to registration pursuant to
the Registration Rights Agreement, the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) under
the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders
(as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder. 

(c)
Certificates evidencing the Shares and Warrant Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section
4.1(b) hereof), (i) while a registration statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act,
(ii) following any sale of such Shares or Warrant Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), (iii)
if such Shares or Warrant Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants) without the
requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares
and Warrant Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions, or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable
requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission).
The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Company s transfer agent or the Purchaser if required
by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend hereunder, or if requested by a Purchaser, respectively. If all or any
portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the resale of the Warrant
Shares, or if such Shares or Warrant Shares may be sold under Rule 144 and the Company is then in compliance with the current
public information required under Rule 144 (assuming cashless exercise of the Warrants), or if the Shares or Warrant Shares may
be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in compliance with the current public information required
under Rule 144 as to such Shares or Warrant Shares or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of
the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Warrant
Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that at such time as such legend is no longer required under this
Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier of (i) two (2) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising
the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or its transfer agent of
a certificate representing Shares or Warrant Shares, as the case may be, issued with a restrictive legend (such date, the Legend
Removal Date ), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate representing such shares that is free
from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or give instructions to its transfer
agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period 
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with
respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares or Warrants Shares, as the
case may be, issued with a restrictive legend. 

(d)
In addition to such Purchaser s other available remedies, if the Company fails to (a) issue and deliver (or cause to be
delivered) to a Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date a certificate representing the Securities so delivered to the Company by
such Purchaser that is free from all restrictive and other legends and if after the Legend Removal Date such Purchaser purchases
(in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Purchaser of
all or any portion of the number of shares of Common Stock, or a sale of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to all or any
portion of the number of shares of Common Stock that such Purchaser anticipated receiving from the Company without any restrictive
legend, then, an amount equal to the excess of such Purchaser s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions and
other out-of-pocket expenses, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased (including brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket
expenses, if any) (the Buy-In Price over the product of (A) such number of Shares or Warrant Shares
that the Company was required to deliver to such Purchaser by the Legend Removal Date multiplied by (B) the lowest closing sale
price of the Common Stock on any Trading Day during the period commencing on the date of the delivery by such Purchaser to the
Company of the applicable Shares or Warrant Shares (as the case may be) and ending on the date of such delivery and payment under
this clause (ii). 

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any
Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery
requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a registration statement, they will be sold
in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from
certificates representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company s reliance upon this
understanding. 

4.2
 Integration . The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any
security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in
a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated
with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require
shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing
of such subsequent transaction. 

4.3
 Shareholder Rights Plan . No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other
Person, that any Purchaser is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination,
poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter
adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue
of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

4.4
 Use of Proceeds . Except as set forth on Schedule 4.5 attached hereto, the Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes and expense of the Public Merger Transaction and shall not use such proceeds:
(a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company s debt (other than payment of trade payables in the ordinary course
of the Company s business and prior practices), (b) for the redemption of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents,
(c) for the settlement of any outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations. 

4.5
 Indemnification of Purchasers . Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.5, the Company will indemnify and hold each
Purchaser and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally
equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls
such Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors,
officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a
Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser
Party harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses,
including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation
that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action
instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of
the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Party s representations, warranties or covenants
under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such stockholder or
any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which is finally
judicially determined to constitute fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought
against any Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall
promptly notify the Company in writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its
own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of
such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing,
(ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action
there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses
of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser Party under this Agreement (y) for
any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any
Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party
in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.5 shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred.
The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party
against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.6
 Reservation of Common Stock . As of the date hereof, the Company has reserved and the Company shall continue to reserve
and keep available at all times, free of preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock for the purpose of enabling
the Company to issue Shares pursuant to this Agreement and Warrant Shares pursuant to any exercise of the Warrants. 

4.7
 Subsequent Equity Sales . 

(a)
From the date of the Public Merger Transaction until 120 days thereafter, the Company shall not permit or allow Ameri nor any
Subsidiary of Ameri to issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of
common stock or Common Stock Equivalents. 

(b)
From the date hereof until the 18 month anniversary of the closing of the Public Merger Transaction, Ameri shall be prohibited
from effecting or entering into an agreement to effect any issuance by Ameri or any of its Subsidiaries of common stock or Common
Stock Equivalents (or a combination of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. Variable Rate Transaction 
means a transaction in which Ameri (i) issues or sells any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or
exercisable for, or include the right to receive additional shares of common stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise
price or exchange rate or other price that is based upon and/or varies with the trading prices of or quotations for the shares
of common stock at any time after the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities, or (B) with a conversion, exercise or
exchange price that is subject to being reset at some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security or
upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or indirectly related to the business of Ameri or the market for
the common stock or (ii) enters into, or effects a transaction under, any agreement, including, but not limited to, an equity
line of credit, whereby Ameri may issue securities at a future determined price. Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain injunctive
relief against Ameri to preclude any such issuance, which remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages. 

(c)
From the date of the Public Merger Transaction until the date the Purchasers and their permitted assigns collectively hold less
than one-fifth of the Shares, in the event that Ameri issues or sells any shares of common stock or any Common Stock Equivalent
(calculated on an as converted, as exercised basis) pursuant to which shares of Common Stock may be acquired at a price less than
the Per Share Purchase Price (a Share Dilutive Issuance ), then Ameri shall promptly issue additional shares
of Common Stock to any Purchaser who held outstanding Shares on the date of such Share Dilutive Issuance, for no additional consideration,
in an amount sufficient that (a) the aggregate Subscription Amount paid at the Closing, for such outstanding Shares held by the
Purchasers on the date of such Share Dilutive Issuance, when divided by (x) the sum of (i) the total number of outstanding Shares
held by the Subscriber on the date of such Share Dilutive Issuance, (ii) any other shares of common stock then or theretofore
issued in respect of such outstanding Shares (by stock split, stock dividend or otherwise) that resulted in an adjustment to the
Per Share Purchase Price, and (iii) all Additional Shares issued with respect to such outstanding Shares held by the Subscriber
on the date of such Share Dilutive Issuance that were issued as a result of Share Dilutive Issuances that occurred prior to such
Share Dilutive Issuance, will equal the price per share of common stock in such Share Dilutive Issuance, (each such adjustment,
a Share Dilution Adjustment , and such shares, the Additional Shares ). The Additional
Shares to be issued in a Share Dilution Adjustment shall be issued by Ameri to the Subscriber who held outstanding Shares on the
date of the applicable Share Dilutive Issuance (in proportion to the number of such Shares held by such Subscriber on the date
of such Share Dilutive Issuance). Such Share Dilution Adjustment shall be made successively whenever such an issuance is made.
Such Additional Shares must be delivered to the applicable Subscriber not later than the date the Share Dilutive Issuance occurs.
The holder of outstanding Additional Shares is granted the same rights and benefits as a holder of outstanding Shares pursuant
to the Transaction Documents, except that such rights and benefits shall not apply to a holder of outstanding Additional Shares
after such outstanding Additional Share has been irrevocably sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities
Act or pursuant to Rule 144 without further restrictions or conditions to transfer pursuant to Rule 144. In the event the issuance
of Additional Shares would result in the Purchaser beneficially owning more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then
Ameri shall not issue such Additional Shares in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (the Excess Shares until the Purchaser provides Ameri written notice that it can receive some or all of the Excess Shares without exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation. Upon such notice, Ameri will issue such Excess Shares that would not result in the Purchaser exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 9.99 of the number of
shares of the Common Stock of Ameri outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of the Additional Shares. 

(d)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.7 shall not apply in respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate
Transaction shall be an Exempt Issuance. 

4.8
 Equal Treatment of Purchasers . No consideration (including any modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered
or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of the Transaction Documents unless the
same consideration is also offered to all of the parties to such Transaction Documents. For clarification purposes, this provision
constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended
for the Company to treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as the Purchasers acting in concert or
as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise. 

4.9
 Form D; Blue Sky Filings . The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation
D and to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. Additionally, the Company shall ensure that any material
non-public information of the Company or Ameri that was disclosed to the Purchasers shall be publicly disclosed in the form 8-K
filed by Ameri upon execution of the Amalgamation Agreement disclosing the terms of the Amalgamation Agreement. 

4.10
 Consummation of Public Merger Transaction . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the merger
with Ameri, and as a condition to closing of such merger to cause Ameri to assume all of the Company s obligations under
the Warrants and this Agreement. In the event the Public Merger Transaction, does not close exactly as set forth in the Amalgamation
Agreement without any amendments, waivers, or other modifications, within one business day of the Closing Date, this Agreement
shall be rescinded and the Purchase Price shall be returned to the Purchasers and the Securities to the Company. 

ARTICLE
V. 
MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only
and without any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other
parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or before July 7, 2020; provided , however , that no such termination
will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2
 Fees and Expenses . Each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts,
if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance
of this Agreement, provided however the Company shall pay up 25,000 of the Purchasers legal fees to Grushko Mittman,
P.C. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of
any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes
and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers. 

5.3
 Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral
or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4
 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication
is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as set forth on the signature pages
attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission,
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email attachment at the email address as
set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time)
on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2 nd Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for
such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto. To the extent that any notice provided
pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries,
the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

5.5
 Amendments; Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written
instrument signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers which purchased at least 50.1 in interest of the
Shares based on the initial Subscription Amounts hereunder or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement
of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment, modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely
impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers)
shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall
be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition
or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise
of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely affects the rights and obligations
of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require the prior written consent
of such adversely affected Purchaser, Any amendment effected in accordance with accordance with this Section 5.5 shall be binding
upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 

5.6
 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed
to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors
and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written
consent of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any
Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound,
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers. 

5.8
 No Third-Party Beneficiaries . The Placement Agent shall be the third party beneficiary of the representations and warranties
of the Company in Section 3.1 and the representations and warranties of the Purchasers in Section 3.2. This Agreement is intended
for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor
may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.5 and this Section 5.8. 

5.9
 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall
be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement
and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates,
directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith
or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such
Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such
Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery)
to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions
of the Transaction Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under Section 4.5, the prevailing party in such
Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the non-prevailing party for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs
and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Action or Proceeding. 

5.10
 Survival . The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares. 

5.11
 Execution . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered
one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other
party, it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by
facsimile transmission, or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file, such signature shall create a valid and
binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if
such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. 

5.12
 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction
to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use
their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result
as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention
of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any
of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13
 Rescission and Withdrawal Right . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar
provisions of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under
a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then
such Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant
notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in
the case of a rescission of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common
Stock subject to any such rescinded exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price
paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of such Purchaser s right to acquire such shares pursuant to such
Purchaser s Warrant (including, issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 

5.14
 Replacement of Securities . If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory
to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances
shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement
Shares. 

5.15
 Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of
damages, each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The
parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations
contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any
such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

5.16
 Payment Set Aside . To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction
Document or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement
or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered
from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other
Person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be
revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

5.17
 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction
Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way
for the performance or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained
herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed
to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption
that the Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights including, without
limitation, the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary
for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented
by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents. The legal counsels of the Placement
Agent do not represent any of the Purchasers and only represents the Placement Agent. The Company has elected to provide all Purchasers
with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any of the Purchasers. It is expressly understood and agreed that each provision contained in this Agreement and in
each other Transaction Document is between the Company and a Purchaser, solely, and not between the Company and the Purchasers
collectively and not between and among the Purchasers. 

5.18
 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right
required or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such right may be exercised on the next
succeeding Business Day. 

5.19
 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity
to revise the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to
be resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments
thereto. In addition, each and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be
subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions
of the Common Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement. 

5.20
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER
PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow) 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 Address
 for Notice : 

By: 
 /s/
 David Stefansky 
 
 Attn:
 David Stefansky 
 
 Name:
 
 David
 Stefansky 
 
 E-mail:
 dstefansky@bezalelpartners.com 
 
 Title: 
 President
 and Secretary 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

 SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO JAY PHARMA, INC., 
 SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name
of Purchaser: Alpha Capital Anstalt 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : /s/ Konrad Ackermann 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: Konrad Ackermann 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: Director 

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________ 

Facsimile
Number of Authorized Signatory: __________________________________________ 

Address
for Notice to Purchaser: __________________________________________ 

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): _______________________ 

Subscription
Amount: 3,500,000 

Shares:
_________________ and/or Pre-Funded Warrants ______________ 

Warrant
Shares: _________________ 

EIN
Number: ____________________ 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 9
 ex10-6.htm

Exhibit
10.6 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

AMENDMENT
NO. 2 

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment is made and entered into as of July 2, 2020, by and
between Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), and Alpha Capital Anstalt Purchaser ),
and amends, in accordance with Section 5.5 of, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ),
dated as of January 10, 2020, by and between Company and Purchaser, as amended by that certain Second Note Amendment Agreement, dated
as of June 11, 2020 Amendment No. 1 and, together with the Purchase Agreement, the Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments .
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of the date hereof: 

a.
Section 2.2(a)(iv) of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

(iv)
a copy of the irrevocable instructions to the transfer agent of Ameri instructing the transfer agent to deliver the number of Shares
due to such Purchaser pursuant to the formula set forth in Section 2.5(f) of the Amalgamation Agreement, as amended; 

b.
Section 5.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

5.1 Termination .
This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever
on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been
consummated on or before September 30, 2020; provided , however , that no such termination will affect the right
of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties, covenants
and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall remain in full
force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment
shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other amendment, modification or waiver
of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or therein. This Amendment is supplemental
to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement
for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY: 

JAY PHARMA INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Authorized Signing Officer 

Print Name: Henoch Cohn 

PURCHASER: 

ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicola Feuerstein 

Authorized Signing Officer 

Print Name: Nicola Feuerstein 

Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 2 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 10
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit
10.7 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

 AMENDMENT
NO. 3 

THIS
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT AMENDMENT NO. 3 (this Amendment is made and entered into as of August 12, 2020, by
and between Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), and Alpha Capital Anstalt Purchaser ),
and amends, in accordance with Section 5.5 of, that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ),
dated as of January 10, 2020, by and between Company and Purchaser, as amended by that certain Second Note Amendment Agreement, dated
as of June 23, 2020 Amendment No. 1 ), as amended by that certain Securities Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 2,
dated as of July 2, 2020 Amendment No. 2 and, together with Amendment No. 1 and the Purchase Agreement, the Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1.
Amendments. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of
the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 defined term Amalgamation Agreement in Article I of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety by
 the following: 

Tender
Agreement means the tender agreement between the Company and Ameri in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . 

b. 
 The defined term Exchange
 Agreement shall be added to Article I of the Agreement and shall read as follows: 

Exchange
Agreement means that certain Securities Exchange Agreement, pursuant to which the Purchaser will exchange the Securities of
the Company acquired pursuant to this Agreement for securities of Ameri, in form acceptable to Purchaser. 

c. 
 The defined term Public
 Merger Transaction in Article I of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

Offer 
means the conduct and closing of the contemplated acquisition of the Company s outstanding equity by Ameri Holdings Inc., a Delaware
corporation whose common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market Ameri ), in accordance with the
terms of the Tender Agreement. 

d. 
 Shares 
 means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to each Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement and the Series A Warrants and any
 securities of Ameri issued upon the closing of the Offer in exchange for any securities issued or issuable to Purchaser pursuant
 to this Agreement and in connection with the Offer. 

e. 
 All references to the defined
 terms Public Merger Transaction or Merger shall be revised to be references to the defined term Offer . 

f. 
 All references to the defined
 term Amalgamation Agreement shall be revised to be references to the defined term Tender Agreement . 

g. 
 Section 2.1 of the Agreement
 shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

2.1 Closing .
On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially concurrent with the execution and delivery
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase
up to an aggregate of 3,000,00 of Shares and Series A Warrants. Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Escrow Agent, via wire transfer
immediately available funds equal to such Purchaser s Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page hereto executed by
such Purchaser within three Business Days of notice from the Placement Agent, and the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its respective
Shares and a Series A Warrant, as determined pursuant to Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other items
set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and
2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company or such other location as the parties shall mutually agree. 

h. 
 Section 2.2(a)(iv) of the
 Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

(iv) a copy of the
 irrevocable instructions to the transfer agent of Ameri instructing the transfer agent to deliver the number of Shares and other
 securities deliverable to Purchaser in the quantity, form and manner set forth in the Tender Agreement and the Exchange Agreement. 

i. 
 Section 2.3(b)(v) of the
 Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

(v) the Company
 and Ameri shall have delivered to the Purchaser a notice stating that the Offer is ready to close and the conditions to the closing
 of the Offer have been either satisfied or waived and the closing of the Offer is scheduled to occur immediately following the Closing;
 and 

j. 
 Section 4.10 of the Agreement
 shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

4.10 Consummation
 of the Offer . The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to complete the Offer with Ameri, and as a condition to closing
 of such Offer to cause Ameri to enter into the Exchange Agreement and acknowledge and assume all of the obligations and undertakings
 attributed to Ameri pursuant to this Agreement. In the event the Offer, does not close exactly as set forth in the Tender Agreement
 without any amendments, waivers, or other modifications, immediately following the Closing on the Closing Date, this Agreement shall
 be rescinded and the Purchase Price shall be returned to the Purchasers and the Securities to the Company. 

k. 
 Section 5.1 of the Agreement
 shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

5.1 Termination .
 This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without any effect
 whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the Closing
 has not been consummated on or before January 1, 2021; provided , however , that no such termination will affect
 the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties, covenants
and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall remain in full
force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment
shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other amendment, modification or waiver
of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or therein. This Amendment is supplemental
to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement
for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

COMPANY: 

JAY PHARMA INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Authorized Signing Officer 

Print Name: Henoch Cohn 

PURCHASER: 

ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT 

By: 
 /s/
 Nicola Feuerstein 

Authorized Signing Officer 

Print Name: Nicola Feuerstein 

Signature
Page to Securities Purchase Agreement Amendment No. 3 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 11
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit
10.8 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (NON-U.S.) 

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of January 10, 2020 (the Signing
Date ), by Tikkun Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation TP ), and Jay Pharma, Inc., a Canadian corporation JP ), and Tikun Olam IP Ltd., a Cayman Islands company TOCI ). Each of TP, JP, and TOCI may
be referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (Non-U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended by
that certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOCI sublicensed to TP certain
rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes to receive
and assume from TP, any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; 

WHEREAS,
on the date of this Agreement JP has entered into an Amalgamation Agreement (the Amalgamation Agreement with Ameri
Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions
contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated by the Amalgamation
Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 DEFINITIONS. 

1.1
All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined will have the meaning given to them in the Sublicense. 

2. 
 ASSIGNMENT
 AND ASSUMPTION. 

2.1 Assignment .
With effect from and after the Effective Date (as defined below), TP sells, assigns, conveys, transfers and delivers to JP, and JP purchases,
acquires, accepts and assumes from TP, all of TP s rights and obligations under the Sublicense existing as of the Signing Date
and the Effective Date. Each party will further provide all commercially reasonable cooperation to facilitate, effect, perfect, or maintain
the transaction contemplated under this Agreement. 

2.2 Consent .
TOCI hereby consents to the assignment and assumption of the Sublicense from TP to JP as described herein. Additionally, TOCI agrees
that in Section 10.3 of the Sublicense, the contact information for TP is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

If
 to JP : 
 Jay
 Pharma, Inc. 

181
 Bay Street, Suite 4400 
 Brookfield
 Place 

Toronto,
 ON M5J 2T3 

Email:
 dstefansky@bezalelpartners.com 

2.3 Equity
for Assignment. In consideration of the assignment of the Sublicense JP shall on the Effective Date issue 2,072,001 common
shares of Jay Pharma to TP (the Shares ). 

2.4 Investor
Representations . TP recognizes that: (i) the acquisition of the Shares involves a high degree of risk, is speculative and only investors
who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company and/or the Shares; (ii) TP may not be able
to liquidate its investment; (iii) transferability of the Shares is extremely limited; and, (iv) in the event of a disposition of the
Shares, TP could sustain the loss of its entire investment. TP understands that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). TP represents that it is an Accredited Investor within the meaning of
Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Act, with experience in the types of investment being made pursuant to this Agreement. TP consents
to the placement of a legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Shares substantially as set forth below, that such Shares
have not been registered under the Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and setting forth or referring to the restrictions
on transferability and sale thereof contained in this Agreement. TP is aware that the Company will make a notation in its appropriate
records with respect to the restrictions on the transferability of the Shares. 

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR UNDER
THE OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

3. 
 INDEMNIFICATION. 

3.1 By
TP . TP will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless JP and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any liabilities,
damages, settlements, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred in relation to any third party allegation
of breach of the Sublicense caused by TP s acts or omissions. 

3.2 By
Jay Pharma . JP will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless TP and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any
liabilities, damages, settlements, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred in relation to any third
party allegation of breach of the Sublicense caused by JP s acts or omissions. 

4. 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES BY TP. 

4.1 
 TP represents and warrants as of the Signing Date and
 the Effective Date, that: 

(i)
it is the lawful sublicensee or owner of the Sublicense being assigned hereunder and, has sufficient authority to grant JP the rights
and sublicense granted under this Agreement without the consent of any third party; 

(ii)
that the execution, delivery, and performance by it of this Agreement does not require the approval of any governmental authority nor
the application for or filing of or for any license, permit, approval, waiver, no-action, or similar permission from any governmental
authority; 

(iii)
it has not entered into any additional licenses, sublicenses or other arrangements that may limit its rights or the rights of JP under
this Agreement or which may reasonably be expected to lead to a claim of infringement or invalidity regarding any portion of the Sublicense
or its use; 

(iv)
it has no knowledge of infringement of, or conflict with, any license or other intellectual property right of any other third-party,
and there is no known claim pending, filed or threatened related to infringement, ownership, misappropriation, or invalidity regarding
the Sublicense or its use; and 

(v)
it has not granted or permitted to exist any license or sublicense or other contingent or non-contingent right, title or interest under
or relating to the Sublicense to any individual or entity, that does or will conflict with or otherwise undermine or impair the exclusive
rights of JP hereunder. 

5. 
 MISCELLANEOUS. 

5.1
Definition of Effective Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the conditions
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amalgamation Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed that the
closing of the Amalgamation Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed
to have occurred prior to the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement. If the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement has not occurred
by July 8, 2020, any party hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

5.2 Costs .
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party
incurring such costs and expenses. 

5.3 Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware for contracts to be
wholly performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof regarding the conflict of laws. 

5.4 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the Sublicense constitute the entire understanding and agreement among the Parties with respect to
their subject matter, and there are no agreements or understandings with respect to such subject matter that are not contained in this
Agreement or the Sublicense. 

5.5 Execution;
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and
the same instrument and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party hereto,
it being understood that the Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Execution may be made by delivery by facsimile or by e-mail
delivery of a .pdf format data file. 

[signature
page follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, THE PARTIES HEREBY EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE SIGNING DATE. 

TIKKUN PHARMA, INC. 
 
 JAY PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Barry
 Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/ David
 Stefansky 
 
 Name: 
 Barry Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 David Stefansky 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 President 

TIKUN
OLAM IP LTD. 

By:
TO Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Holding Group LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 12
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit
10.9 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO THE 

 ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (NON-U.S.) 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (NON-U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into
as of August 12, 2020, by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikkun Pharma, Inc., a Delaware
corporation TP ), and Tikun Olam IP Ltd., a Cayman Islands company TOCI ), and amends that
certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of January 10, 2020, by and among Company,
TP and TOCI. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments .
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (Non-U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended by
that certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOCI sublicensed to TP certain
rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes to receive
and assume from TP, any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement (the Tender Agreement with Ameri Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the
transactions contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated by the
Tender Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section 5.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced
 in its entirety by the following: 

5.1 Definition
of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the conditions to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Tender Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed that the closing of the
Tender Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior
to the consummation of the Tender Agreement. If the consummation of the Tender Agreement has not occurred by January 1, 2021, any party
hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties, covenants
and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall remain in full
force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment
shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other amendment, modification or waiver
of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or therein. This Amendment is supplemental
to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement
for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKKUN PHARMA,
 INC. 
 
 JAY PHARMA,
 INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Barry Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Name: 
 Barry
Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 Henoch Cohn 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

TIKUN OLAM IP LTD. 

By: TO Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 
 
 By: TO Holding Group LLC, its manager 
 
 By: TO Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 

Signature
Page to 

 First
Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S.) 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 13
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit
10.10 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO THE 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (NON-U.S.) 

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (NON-U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into
as of October 2, 2020, by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikkun Pharma, Inc., a Delaware
corporation TP ), and Tikun Olam IP Ltd., a Cayman Islands company TOCI ), and amends that
certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2020 (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement ),
by and among Company, TP and TOCI, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S.),
dated as of August 12, 2020 (the First Amendment and, together with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the
 Agreement ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments .
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (Non-U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended by
that certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOCI sublicensed to TP certain
rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes to receive
and assume from TP, any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the SPA ), with certain other parties
signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions contemplated hereby will be consummated
upon the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of transactions contemplated by the SPA. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section 5.1 of the Agreement
 shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

5.1 Definition
of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date the Second Amendment to this
Agreement is executed by the parties. For the avoidance of doubt, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior
to the consummation of the SPA. If the consummation of the SPA has not occurred by January 1, 2021, any party hereto may terminate this
Agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties, covenants
and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall remain in full
force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all respects. This Amendment
shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other amendment, modification or waiver
of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or therein. This Amendment is supplemental
to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement
for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKKUN PHARMA, INC. 
 
 JAY PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Barry
 Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Henoch
 Cohn 

Name: 
 Barry Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 Henoch Cohn 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 President 

TIKUN OLAM IP LTD. 

By: 
 TO Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 

By: 
 TO Holding Group LLC, its manager 

By: 
 TO Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 

Signature
Page to 

 Second
Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (Non-U.S.) 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 14
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit
10.11 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (U.S.) 

This
Assignment and Assumption Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of January 10, 2020 (the Signing
Date ), by Tikkun Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation TP ), and Jay Pharma, Inc., a Canadian corporation JP ), and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TOP ). Each of TP,
JP, and TOP may be referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended by that
certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOP sublicensed to TP certain
rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes to receive
and assume from TP, (i) any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; and (ii) the skincare business developed
under Sarah Dakar and/or Michael Indursky, including without limitation all related tradenames, knowledge, formulations, documentation,
confidential information, customer and supplier lists, and packaging, and any trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, or other
intellectual property relating to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Skincare Business ); and 

WHEREAS,
on the date of this Agreement JP has entered into an Amalgamation Agreement (the Amalgamation Agreement with Ameri
Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions
contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated by the Amalgamation
Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1. 
 DEFINITIONS. 

1.1
All capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined will have the meaning given to them in the Sublicense. 

2. 
 ASSIGNMENT
 AND ASSUMPTION. 

2.1 Assignment
of Sublicense and of Skincare Business . With effect from and after the Effective Date (as defined below), TP hereby sells, assigns,
conveys, transfers and delivers to JP, and JP hereby purchases, acquires, accepts and assumes from TP: (a) all of TP s rights and
obligations under the Sublicense existing as of the Assignment Date; and (b) the Skincare Business and all of TP s right, title,
and interest thereto existing as of the Signing Date and the Effective Date. Each party will further provide all commercially reasonable
cooperation to facilitate, effect, perfect, or maintain the transaction contemplated under this Agreement. 

2.2 Consent .
TOP hereby consents to the assignment and assumption of the Sublicense from TP to JP as described herein. Additionally, TOP agrees that
in Section 10.3 of the Sublicense, the contact information for TP is hereby deleted and replaced with the following: 

If
 to JP : 
 Jay
 Pharma, Inc. 

181
 Bay Street, Suite 4400 

Brookfield
 Place 

Toronto,
 ON M5J 2T3 

Email:
 dstefansky@bezalelpartners.com 

2.3 Equity
for Assignment. In consideration of the assignment of the Sublicense and the Skincare Business JP shall on the Effective Date
issue 8,288,006 common shares of Jay Pharma to TP (the Shares ). 

2.4 Investor
Representations . TP recognizes that: (i) the acquisition of the Shares involves a high degree of risk, is speculative and only investors
who can afford the loss of their entire investment should consider investing in the Company and/or the Shares; (ii) TP may not be able
to liquidate its investment; (iii) transferability of the Shares is extremely limited; and, (iv) in the event of a disposition of the
Shares, TP could sustain the loss of its entire investment. TP understands that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Act ). TP represents that it is an Accredited Investor within the meaning of
Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Act, with experience in the types of investment being made pursuant to this Agreement. TP consents
to the placement of a legend on any certificate or other document evidencing the Shares substantially as set forth below, that such Shares
have not been registered under the Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and setting forth or referring to the restrictions
on transferability and sale thereof contained in this Agreement. TP is aware that the Company will make a notation in its appropriate
records with respect to the restrictions on the transferability of the Shares. 

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR UNDER
THE OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT THAT
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 

3. 
 INDEMNIFICATION. 

3.1 By
TP . TP will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless JP and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any liabilities,
damages, settlements, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred in relation to any third party allegation
of breach of the Sublicense caused by TP s acts or omissions. 

3.2 By
Jay Pharma . JP will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless TP and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any
liabilities, damages, settlements, costs, or expenses (including reasonable attorney s fees) incurred in relation to any third
party allegation of breach of the Sublicense caused by JP s acts or omissions following the Assignment Date. 

4. 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES BY TP. 

4.1 
 TP
 represents and warrants as of the Signing Date and the Effective Date, that: 

(i)
it is the lawful sublicensee or owner of the Sublicense and the Skincare Business being assigned hereunder and, has sufficient authority
to grant JP the rights and sublicense granted under this Agreement without the consent of any third party; 

(ii)
that the execution, delivery, and performance by it of this Agreement does not require the approval of any governmental authority nor
the application for or filing of or for any license, permit, approval, waiver, no-action, or similar permission from any governmental
authority; 

(iii)
it has not entered into any additional licenses, sublicenses or other arrangements that may limit its rights or the rights of JP under
this Agreement or which may reasonably be expected to lead to a claim of infringement or invalidity regarding any portion of the Sublicense
or its use; 

(iv)
it has no knowledge of infringement of, or conflict with, any license or other intellectual property right of any other third-party,
and there is no known claim pending, filed or threatened related to infringement, ownership, misappropriation, or invalidity regarding
the Sublicense or its use, or the operation of the Skincare Business; and 

(v)
it has not granted or permitted to exist any license or sublicense or other contingent or non-contingent right, title or interest under
or relating to the Sublicense or the Skincare Business to any individual or entity, that does or will conflict with or otherwise undermine
or impair the exclusive rights of JP hereunder. 

5. 
 MISCELLANEOUS. 

5.1
Definition of Effective Date. For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the conditions
to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amalgamation Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed that the
closing of the Amalgamation Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed
to have occurred prior to the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement. If the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement has not occurred
by July 8, 2020, any party hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

5.2 Costs .
All costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party
incurring such costs and expenses. 

5.3 Governing
Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware for contracts to be
wholly performed in such state and without giving effect to the principles thereof regarding the conflict of laws. 

5.4 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement and the Sublicense constitute the entire understanding and agreement among the Parties with respect to
their subject matter, and there are no agreements or understandings with respect to such subject matter that are not contained in this
Agreement or the Sublicense. 

5.5 Execution;
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and
the same instrument and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the other Party hereto,
it being understood that the Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Execution may be made by delivery by facsimile or by e-mail
delivery of a .pdf format data file. 

[signature
page follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, THE PARTIES HEREBY EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT AS OF THE SIGNING DATE. 

TIKKUN
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Barry Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Stefansky 
 
 Name: 
 Barry
 Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 David
 Stefansky 
 
 Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

TO
PHARMACEUTICALS USA LLC 

By:
TO Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Holding Group LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 15
 ex10-12.htm

Exhibit
10.12 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO THE 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (U.S.) 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into
as of August 12, 2020, by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikkun Pharma, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation TP ), and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TOP ),
and amends that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of January 10, 2020,
by and among Company, TP and TOP. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the
Agreement. 

1.
Amendments. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective
as of the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended
by that certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOP sublicensed
to TP certain rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes
to receive and assume from TP, (i) any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; and (ii) the skincare
business developed under Sarah Dakar and/or Michael Indursky, including without limitation all related tradenames, knowledge,
formulations, documentation, confidential information, customer and supplier lists, and packaging, and any trademarks, patents,
copyrights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property relating to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Skincare
Business ); and 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement (the Tender Agreement with Ameri Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that
the transactions contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated
by the Tender Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section
 5.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

5.1
 Definition of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the
conditions to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Tender Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed
that the closing of the Tender Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall
be deemed to have occurred prior to the consummation of the Tender Agreement. If the consummation of the Tender Agreement has
not occurred by January 1, 2021, any party hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2.
 Effect of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations,
warranties, covenants and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment,
and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed
in all respects. This Amendment shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other
amendment, modification or waiver of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein
or therein. This Amendment is supplemental to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed
in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement for any and all purposes. 

3.
 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures
shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKKUN
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Barry Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Name: 
 Barry
 Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 Henoch
 Cohn 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

TO
 PHARMACEUTICALS USA LLC 

By: 
 TO
 Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 

By: 
 TO
 Holding Group LLC, its manager 

By: 
 TO
 Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager

Signature
Page to 

 First
Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S.) 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.13>
 16
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO THE 

ASSIGNMENT
AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (U.S.) 

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into as
of October 2, 2020, by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikkun Pharma, Inc., a Delaware
corporation TP ), and TO Pharmaceuticals USA LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TOP ),
and amends that certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2020 (the Assignment and Assumption Agreement ),
by and among Company, TP and TOP, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S.), dated
as of August 12, 2020 (the First Amendment and, together with the Assignment and Assumption Agreement, the Agreement ).
Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments .
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of the date
hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
TP has previously entered into that certain Amended and Restated Sublicense Agreement (U.S.) dated January 12, 2018 (as amended by that
certain First Amendment dated January 10, 2020, the Sublicense ), pursuant to which TOP sublicensed to TP certain
rights in-licensed from Tikun Olam, Ltd., an Israeli corporation with registration number 514263771; 

WHEREAS ,
in exchange for certain equity consideration as further described herein, TP wishes to transfer and assign to JP, and JP wishes to receive
and assume from TP, (i) any and all of TP s rights and responsibilities under the Sublicense; and (ii) the skincare business developed
under Sarah Dakar and/or Michael Indursky, including without limitation all related tradenames, knowledge, formulations, documentation,
confidential information, customer and supplier lists, and packaging, and any trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, or other
intellectual property relating to any of the foregoing (collectively, the Skincare Business ); and 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the SPA ), with certain other parties
signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions contemplated hereby will be consummated
upon the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of transactions contemplated by the SPA. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section
 5.1 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

5.1 Definition
of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date the Second Amendment to this
Agreement is executed by the parties. For the avoidance of doubt, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior
to the consummation of the SPA. If the consummation of the SPA has not occurred by January 1, 2021, any party hereto may terminate this
agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties,
covenants and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall
remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all
respects. This Amendment shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other
amendment, modification or waiver of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or
therein. This Amendment is supplemental to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in
connection with and as a part of, the Agreement for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as
originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKKUN
 PHARMA, INC. 
 
 JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Barry Farkas 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Name: 
 Barry
 Farkas 
 
 Name: 
 Henoch
 Cohn 

Title: 
 Authorized
 Signatory 
 
 Title: 
 President 

TO
PHARMACEUTICALS USA LLC 

By:
TO Pharmaceuticals LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Holding Group LLC, its manager 

 By:
TO Global LLC, its manager 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 

Signature
Page to 

 Second Amendment to the Assignment and Assumption Agreement (U.S.) 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 17
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

This
License Agreement (this Agreement is made effective as of January 10, 2020 (the Signing Date by and between Tikun Olam LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TO LLC ), Tikun Olam Hemp LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company TOH ), and Jay Pharma, Inc., a Canadian corporation JP ). Each of TO LLC,
TOH, and JP may be referred to as a Party and collectively as the Parties , and each of TO LLC
and TOH may be referred to as a Licensor and collectively as the Licensors . 

RECITALS 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors own, or have the right to license, certain intellectual property related to cannabis products; 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors wish to license to JP, and JP wishes to receive from each of the Licensors, the right to use such intellectual property
in connection with over-the-counter cancer-related products and topical or transdermal skin care and body care beauty products; 

WHEREAS ,
in consideration of the licenses and rights granted herein, JP will pay certain royalties to TO Holdings Group LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company TO Holdings that controls or indirectly controls its Affiliates, TO LLC and TOH, all as further
described herein; and 

WHEREAS ,
on the date of this Agreement JP has entered into an Amalgamation Agreement (the Amalgamation Agreement with Ameri
Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions
contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated by the Amalgamation
Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

1.
DEFINITIONS. 

1.1.
 Affiliate means shall mean with respect to any person, any person which directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled
by or is under common control with such person, including, without limitation, any general partner, managing member, officer or director
of such person. 

1.2.
 Beauty Products means any topical or transdermal Cannabis-containing or Cannabis-derived (including hemp-based)
skin care or body care beauty products and packaging products and marketing materials related thereto, excluding any products subject
to regulation as a drug, medicine, or controlled substance by the U.S. Food and Drug Association or any other relevant governmental authority,
which may include but not be limited to the United States Department of Agriculture. 

1.3.
 Brand Materials means information, guidelines, text, images, content, and other materials relating to the Tikun
Olam history, legacy and brand story provided to JP and as may be amended from time to time with reasonable prior notice. 

1.4.
 Cannabis means medical cannabis, cannabis plants, cannabidiol, hemp, any parts of the foregoing in dry or wet forms,
and any extracts, infusions, compositions or formulations that include cannabis plants constituents as active ingredients or supplements,
and any derivative or analogue of any of the foregoing. 

1.5.
 Consumer Channels means any consumer sales channels (be they wholesale or retail, direct or indirect) whatsoever
such as department stores, natural food stores, grocery stores, direct-to-consumer channels, drug stores, and mass merchandisers and
retailers, but the foregoing excluding Dispensaries and Professional Channels. For clarity, these include (but are not limited to) Neiman
Marcus, Nordstrom, Sephora, Ultra, Credo, Detox Market, QVC, HSN, Whole Foods, Harris Teeter, Trader Joes, CVS, Walgreens, and Target
or any other consumer sales channels targeted for distribution of the Beauty Products as set forth in any business plan (whether in writing
or not) that may be discussed or developed by JP or otherwise indicated by Licensor in writing to JP. 

1.6.
 Dispensaries means any licensed medical dispensaries or adult use dispensaries in each case approved by any relevant
state in the Territory where Cannabis-based products are sold or distributed, but the foregoing excluding specified Consumer Channels
and Professional Channels. 

1.7.
 Intellectual Property means, whether registered, applied for, or not, any patents, patent applications, plant patents,
plant patent applications, continuation and continuation-in-part applications and patents maturing therefrom, divisional applications
and patents maturing therefrom, trademarks and service marks including the goodwill associated therewith, copyrights (whether the work
of authorship is published or unpublished), trade secrets, inventions, works of authorship, promotional materials, know-how, knowledge,
documentation, information relating to clinical or other trials, patient data, plant breeders rights, registered and unregistered cannabis
varieties, and uniquely identifiable strains of Cannabis in all forms, and any other rights in any of the foregoing under intellectual
property laws. 

1.8.
 Licensed IP means any Intellectual Property currently or subsequently developed or owned by a Licensor, or licensed
to a Licensor from a third party (with right to sublicense). Licensed IP includes but is not limited to the Intellectual Property licensed
by either or both Licensors or any Licensor Affiliate from Tikun Olam Ltd., an Israeli corporation, registration number 514263771 TOL under that certain Amended and Restated License Agreement dated April 13, 2017 (the TOL License or otherwise. For
avoidance of doubt, any Intellectual Property developed or acquired by JP at any time outside the scope of the rights licensed under
this Agreement shall not be Licensed IP. 

1.9.
 Licensed Marks means the trademarks and service marks included in the Licensed IP, together with the goodwill relating
thereto. 

1.10.
 Licensed Products means any OTC Products whose manufacture, promotion, importation, distribution, sale, or use would,
in the absence of the licenses granted under this Agreement, infringe any of a Licensor s intellectual property rights in the Licensed
IP. 

1.11.
 Net Sales means all revenue generated by JP or any affiliate from sales of Licensed Products sold in any packaging
that includes use of the Licensed Marks, whether such sales are evidenced by cash, check, credit, charge, account, barter or exchange,
but net of returns, discounts/rebates, allowances, sales or use taxes, VAT, excise or similar taxes, freight or delivery charges or other
amounts collected on behalf of third parties. For the avoidance of doubt, any OTC Products produced by or for and on behalf of JP, that
includes any Licensed IP, must include on all packaging for any OTC Product details of any such Licensed IP as well as any Licensed Marks
that may be attributable to such Licensed IP. 

1.12.
 OTC Business means the business of producing, promoting, researching, developing, marketing, processing, selling,
importing, distributing, and otherwise commercializing OTC Products. 

1.13.
 OTC Cancer Products means any cancer-related products, excluding any products subject to regulation as a drug, medicine,
or controlled substance by the U.S. Food and Drug Association or any other relevant governmental authority in the Territory, which may
include but not be limited to the United States Department of Agriculture. 

1.14.
 OTC Products means Beauty Products and OTC Cancer Products. 

1.15.
 Professional Channels means professional sales channels, such as hospitals, doctors offices, and medical
service centers, and excludes Consumer Channels and Dispensaries. 

1.16.
 Term has the meaning given to it in Section 3.1. 

1.17.
 Territory means the United States, and its territories and possessions. 

2.
LICENSE. 

2.1. Grant .
The Parties agree that as of the Effective Date (as defined below): 

a.
Each Licensor hereby grants to JP, and JP hereby accepts, a perpetual, irrevocable (subject to the terms hereof), exclusive license (even
as to TO LLC and TOH) to make, have made, sell, have sold, offer for sale, import, reproduce, distribute, display, perform, creative
derivative works from, and otherwise fully use and exploit the Licensed IP in the Territory (subject to Section 2.1(b) below) solely
in connection with the OTC Business. For avoidance of doubt, to the extent a Licensor develops or acquires rights to any Licensed IP
after the Effective Date that is not owned by JP, such Licensed IP shall be automatically licensed by Licensors to JP pursuant to this
Section 2.1(a). The license granted herein includes the right to use the Approved Brands and Branding Phrases as further detailed in
Section 2.3 below. For the avoidance of doubt, JP may engage third parties to assist in developing and commercializing OTC Products in
connection with the OTC Business JP Contractors and the license granted herein will be sublicensable by JP for
such purposes and such third parties will be subject to the same obligations that may fall hereunder. 

b.
The Parties acknowledge that the Licensed IP under the TOL License is believed to be subject to certain prior licenses granted to MedReleaf
and CCCNY (the NY Licenses ), and that the license granted by Licensors to JP under Section 2.1(a) above, as it relates
to Licensed IP under the TOL License, will not extend to the State of New York unless and until the NY Licenses have expired or are terminated
(at which point the license will automatically extend to the State of New York and cover the entire Territory). 

c. No
Challenge . As a material inducement for Licensors entering into this Agreement, JP covenants to Licensors that during the Term, JP,
its Affiliates or sublicensees will not, in the United States or any other country, (a) commence or otherwise voluntarily determine to
participate in any action or proceeding, challenging or denying the enforceability or validity of the Licensed IP, or any product Licensors
may now or hereinafter produce utilizing the Licensed IP (as defined below, Licensor Cannabis/Hemp Product ), or
(b) direct, support or actively assist any other person or entity in bringing or prosecuting any action or proceeding challenging or
denying the validity of the Licensed IP or any Licensor Cannabis/Hemp Product now or hereinafter produced by Licensor utilizing the Licensed
IP, provided that in each of (a) and (b) that each Licensor is acting within the scope of this exclusive License Agreement.
For purposes of clarification and without limiting any other available remedies, if JP takes any of the actions described in clause (a)
or clause (b) of this Section, JP will have materially breached this Agreement and Licensors may terminate this Agreement under Section
3. 

For
purposes of this Section 2.1(c) only, Licensor Cannabis/Hemp Product (which Licensee cannot challenge) means: 

(i)
any Cannabis-based product utilizing any Licensed IP previously sold through any Consumer Channels and Dispensaries; and 

(ii)
any skin-care product provided that such product is not sold via a Professional Channel, or in or to a licensed healthcare
facility, including doctor s offices and medical spas, and intentional resale in or to any of the foregoing is expressly prohibited
by Licensor at the time of sale, 

and
which in all cases Licensor Cannabis/Hemp Product expressly excludes any product JP has developed or acquired for which patent protection
has been applied for or obtained in any jurisdiction. To the extent Licensor has a skin-care product it wishes to sell in a Professional
Channel, each Licensor hereby agrees that Licensee will be the exclusive distributor of such product in all Professional Channels including
healthcare facilities. 

2.2. Exclusivity . 

a.
Licensors shall not use, or grant any third party the right to use, the Licensed IP in connection with the OTC Business within the Territory
(subject to the existing NY Licenses). 

b.
The Parties acknowledge that TOL granted the Licensors certain exclusive rights, which the Licensors are hereby sublicensing exclusively
to JP under Section 2.1. If TOL breaches or attempts to breach its obligation of exclusivity by licensing any of the Licensed IP to any
third party for use in connection with the OTC Business, the Licensors will promptly take all reasonable action, up to and including
filing a lawsuit on their and JP s behalf, to prevent such breach of exclusivity. If the Licensors fail to take such action, JP
may, at its sole expense, file suit on behalf of itself and the applicable Licensor(s) and, if reasonably necessary for standing or other
legal reasons, such Licensor(s) will join such suit. 

2.3. Branding
and Brand Materials . 

a. Approved
Brands . JP and TOH will work together diligently and in good faith to agree, within ten (10) days from the Effective Date, on at
least three preapproved brand names for the OTC Products, which may include the terms Tikun , Tikun Olam ,
 Olam , Tikun Pharma , or varieties of the foregoing (such preapproved brand names being the
 Approved Brands ). The Approved Brands may be supplemented from time to time by written consent of TOH, which
consent will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned. For the advance of doubt, unless and until any Approved Brand is
created and approved in writing by Licensors, no Licensed Marks may be utilized in any manner by JP. 

b.
TOH will provide Brand Materials to JP, and TOH and JP will work together diligently and in good faith to create a brand book aggregating
relevant Brand Materials into an agreeable format. Subject to TOH s prior written approval as to each new type of proposed use
(not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned), JP will have the right to use and reference the Brand Materials and such
story in its marketing, packaging, documentation, and other materials, in any media whatsoever (online, television, print, radio, and
otherwise) without further approval of TOH. 

c. Use
of Brand Names . As may be more detailed in the Brand Materials, JP may use the phrases utilizing the Licenses Marks, including
 by Tikun Olam , by Tikun Pharma , powered by Tikun Olam ,
 powered by Tikun Pharma , and any other such phrases that indirectly or directly utilize the Brand Materials and
legacy of the business of TOL, Licensor their affiliates and sublicensees business but only as expressly agreed authorized by TOH in
writing from time-to-time (the Branding Phrases ). JP may use the Approved Brands and Branding Phrases, and
variations thereof, in ingredient names e.g. , Tikun Olam CBD Complex upon the initial written approval of TOH
as to each type of use. 

d.
Except as may be detailed herein or otherwise agreed in writing, JP and any subsidiary thereof will not use Tikun or Tikun
Olam in any form in its corporate, legal entity, or DBA names. Notwithstanding the above, JP will comply with any Brand Materials
which may include specified brand guidelines or identity standards provided by TOH regarding the use of any Licensed Marks. Unless approved
in writing by TOH, JP will not use the Brand Materials in any manner that could reasonably cause confusion between JP and Licensor, TOH
or any of its Affiliates. 

2.4. Information .
From time to time, upon JP s request, the Licensors will each provide a current list of the Licensed IP and other information
reasonably necessary to allow JP to exercise its rights granted in Section 2.1. Each Licensor will promptly notify JP in writing if
the scope of the Licensed IP as it pertains to the OTC Business is materially increased or decreased, and notwithstanding anything
to the contrary herein, JP will not be liable for any acts or omissions caused by a Licensor s delay in providing such
notice. 

2.5. Sourcing .
JP will use TOH as its source for procurement of ingredients, components, or inputs (collectively, Ingredients for the OTC Products sold using any of the Licensed Marks, and TOH will provide Ingredients to JP at a cost plus ten percent (10 basis. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if TOH is unable to meet JP s demand for Ingredients on commercially reasonable terms,
then JP will be entitled to procure Ingredients from third-party sources of its own choosing, taking into account factors such as
pricing, quality, and customer service. If JP proposes procuring Ingredients from a third party, it will notify TOH accordingly in
advance. If TOH reasonably believes any proposed third party supplier would compromise the integrity or reputation of the relevant
OTC Products, it must promptly notify JP of such particulars. In such event, JP and TOH will work together diligently and in good
faith to validate and address the concerns raised. 

2.6. Royalty . 

a.
JP will pay TO Holdings a royalty of: (i) four percent (4.0 of Net Sales of OTC Cancer Products made via Consumer Channels; (ii) five
percent (5.0 of Net Sales of Beauty Products made via Consumer Channels; and (iii) three percent (3.0 of Net Sales of OTC Cancer
Products made via Professional Channels (collectively, the Royalty ). The Licensors consent to payment of the Royalty
to TO Holdings in consideration of the licenses granted herein, and it is understood by the Parties that TO Holdings and the Licensors
may agree on any internal allocation of the Royalty amounts amongst themselves as they see fit. 

b.
Minimum Royalty. Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary, JP further agrees to pay to TO Holdings a minimum net Royalty per calendar
year starting from the calendar year beginning January 1, 2022 Minimum Royalty Payment as follows: 

(i)
for an initial term ending on December 31, 2031, a Minimum Royalty Payment of US 150,000 for the calendar year ended 2022, and thereafter,
a Minimum Royalty Payment for each successive year shall increase by twenty-five percent (25 up to a maximum annual cap of US 400,000; 

(ii)
for the portion of the Term starting in 2032 until December 31, 2036, a Minimum Royalty Payment of US 600,000 in Minimum Royalty Payment
for each calendar year; and 

(iii)
thereafter during the Term a Minimum Royalty Payment of 750,000 for each successive year. 

The
Minimum Royalty Payment for a given year shall be due at the time payments are due for the calendar quarter ending on December 31. It
is understood that Minimum Royalty Payment will apply on a calendar year basis. 

c.
JP will pay the Royalty in arrears on a calendar-based quarterly basis (with the first quarter commencing January 1, 2020 unless another
schedule is agreed by the Parties in writing). Each Royalty payment will be due within thirty (30) days from the end of the applicable
calendar quarter. JP will produce and provide to Licensors a reasonably detailed report showing the volume of sales of Licensed Products
and any other information reasonably requested by the Licensors on a monthly basis commencing from the first calendar month after launch
of any OTC Products. Royalty payments will be made in US dollars. JP may deduct or withhold any taxes from the Royalties solely as required
by applicable law. 

d.
JP will maintain reasonable books and records sufficient to evidence the accuracy of the Net Sales and any Royalties incurred and paid
hereunder. JP will make the books and records available for inspection and audit by either Licensor (or its certified public accountant,
attorney, or another authorized Representative) to verify the accuracy of the Royalties incurred and paid hereunder. Any such audit will
be conducted during normal business hours on not less than twenty (20) days notice, and may not occur more frequently than once
in any calendar year (in the aggregate for both Licensors). If such inspection or audit should reveal a discrepancy at all, including
in the Royalties paid from those payable under this Agreement, JP shall promptly pay to TO Holdings the amount of the shortfall. The
failure of Licensors to request an audit within two years after receipt of any quarterly reports and payments shall be deemed to constitute
acceptance by Licensor of the accuracy of such reports and payments. Any failure by JP to maintain any of its obligations hereunder,
shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. 

3.
TERM AND TERMINATION. 

3.1. Term .
This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues until the earliest of: (i) termination by both Licensors or by JP in
accordance with Section 3.2 below, (ii) the date on which the last of the Licensed IP expires or is otherwise no longer effective,
or (iii) twenty (20) years from the Effective Date (the Term ). 

3.2. Termination .
JP or either Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon: (i) a material breach of this Agreement by either Licensor
affected by such breach or by JP, if such breach is not cured within sixty (60) calendar days after written notice from the
non-breaching Party providing detailed explanation of the alleged material breach; or (ii) a voluntary petition in bankruptcy is
filed by either Licensor or JP (respectively), an involuntary petition in bankruptcy is filed with respect to such Party, or any
petition, application or other pleading is filed or any proceeding is commenced seeking he appointment of a trustee, receiver or
liquidator for such Party. Additionally, either Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if JP does not
(i) have an OTC Product on the market via any Consumer Channels or Professional Channels within eighteen (18) months from the
Effective Date and (ii) meet any Minimum Royalty Payment. 

3.3. Effect
of Expiration or Termination . Upon the expiration of this Agreement or its termination by a Licensor or by both Licensors, JP
shall cease and thereafter refrain from all use of the Licensed IP from that respective Licensor, including the Licensed Marks if
applicable. Upon the termination of this Agreement by JP pursuant to Section 3.2: (a) subject to the TOL License, all licensed
rights in any Licensed IP owned or purportedly owned by either Licensor will survive in perpetuity, and (b) all licensed rights in
any Licensed IP subject to the TOL License will automatically become perpetual and irrevocable for as long as any such right is
granted by TOL: (i) to either Licensor; (ii) to an Affiliate of either Licensor; or (iii) to any other entity if such grant of
rights is intended to avoid this provision. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, the Receiving Party of any
Confidential Information shall also destroy or return all Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party. 

3.4. Survival .
Sections 3.3, 4, 5, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. The termination or
expiration of this Agreement will not affect any Party s obligations or liabilities incurred or arising prior to the effective
date of such termination or expiration. 

4.
CONFIDENTIALITY. 

4.1. Definition .
 Confidential Information means any and all proprietary, non-public information disclosed by one Party (the
 Disclosing Party to another Party (the Receiving Party which a reasonable person would
understand to be confidential, including without limitation technical, financial, and other business information or trade secrets.
For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of this Agreement and the contents of any Royalty reports shall be considered Confidential
Information. 

4.2. Obligations .
The Receiving Party will hold the Confidential Information in confidence using at least the same degree of care it uses to protect
its own confidential information, but in no event less than reasonable care. The Receiving Party will only use Confidential
Information as needed to exercise its rights under this Agreement, and will only disclose Confidential Information to its
affiliates, directors, officers, employees and contractors, as well as its financial and legal advisors and potential investors, who
have a need to know such Confidential Information in connection with this Agreement and who are bound by confidentiality obligations
at least as restrictive as those contained herein. 

4.3. Exceptions .
Confidential Information does not include information that the Receiving Party can demonstrate is: (i) in the public domain or
subsequently enters the public domain through no fault of the Receiving Party; (ii) disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third
party without any breach of confidentiality obligations; (iii) known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure by the
Disclosing Party; or (iv) developed independently by the Receiving Party, without use of or reference to any Confidential
Information of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent necessary to comply
with a valid legal or government order or requirement, provided that it will (a) provide the Disclosing Party reasonable prior
notice; (b) seek to narrow the scope of such required disclosure and to obtain a protective order for any such required disclosure;
and (c) cooperate with the Disclosing Party (at the Disclosing Party s sole expense) with any reasonable effort to challenge
or limit the ordered or requested disclosure. 

4.4. Publicity .
The Parties shall reasonably cooperate in connection with issuing all press releases or promotional or marketing material to the
public or third parties in connection with the provisions of this Agreement; provided that, JP will have the right
to issue press releases related to the studies and other commercial activities it conducts directly related to its licensed rights
under this Agreement and to the OTC Business without further approval, provided, further, that neither Party will
publish any Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. JP shall not refer to either Licensor in any such releases or materials without the prior written consent of
such Licensor, which will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

5.
OWNERSHIP. 

5.1. Developments .
Except as may be limited by the TOL License, the Intellectual Property in all improvements and modifications of the Licensed IP
developed or acquired by JP, with or without involvement of a Licensor, in relation to the OTC Business (collectively, New
IP will be exclusively owned by JP, and each Licensor hereby assigns and will be automatically deemed to have assigned,
to JP any right, title and interest it may have in and to such New IP. JP hereby grants to TOH and TOLLC, to the extent required
under the TOL License, a perpetual, royalty free, sub-licensable, non-exclusive license to use and exploit New IP outside of the
Territory and solely in connection with TOL s cannabis business. To the extent the TOL License prohibits such ownership of
certain New IP, such New IP will be automatically be assigned to either Licensor as required by the TOL License and deemed part of
the Licensed IP for purposes of the license rights granted in Section 2.1. For avoidance of doubt, any Intellectual Property
developed by JP outside the scope of this Agreement and not based on any Licensed IP will not be deemed New IP hereunder and will be
solely owned by JP. 

5.2. Enforcement;
Patent Prosecution . JP will be responsible, at its sole expense and control, for using commercially reasonable efforts to: (i)
prosecute patents, copyrights, and trademarks for New IP owned by JP; and (ii) protect the New IP and, in JP s reasonable
commercial discretion considering the costs and benefits, the Licensed IP as utilized in JP s OTC Products to the extent a
third party s OTC Products result in material third party infringement, violation, or misappropriation in connection with the
OTC Business; provided in each case that each Licensor will provide all reasonably necessary cooperation and
information in such efforts by JP, and each Licensor will join such suit(s) if required for JP to have legal standing in such
litigation. Any award solely with regards to any New IP will be distributed entirely to JP. Upon request by either Licensor, JP will
provide commercially reasonable assistance and cooperation with either Licensor s efforts to prosecute or protect any of the
Licensed IP. 

5.3.
Notwithstanding the above to the contrary, if any Licensor chooses, in its sole and absolute discretion, or is otherwise required, to
protect any trademark generated by JP that is derived from a Licensor s Licensed Mark, including the filing of any trademark applications
with the USPTO or any other relevant state, federal or other governmental agency, then JP shall be obligated to and shall pay all expenses
whatsoever related to such trademark filing and protection, including without limitation, the cost of any prior activities investigating
the trademark registrability of any such mark and other legal and USPTO fees required to prosecute any such filings. 

6.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 

6.1. Mutual .
Each Party represents and warrants that: (i) it is an entity duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of formation; (ii) it has all requisite power and authority to enter into this Agreement and consummate the
transactions contemplated herein; and (iii) the execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement does not and will not
conflict with any violation of applicable law or of any other agreements with a third party. 

6.2. Licensors .
Each Licensor represents and warrants that: (i) it is the lawful owner or licensee of the Licensed IP and, has sufficient authority
to grant JP the rights and licenses granted under this Agreement; (ii) that the execution, delivery, and performance by it of this
Agreement does not require the approval of any governmental authority nor the application for or filing of or for any license,
permit, approval, waiver, no-action, or similar permission from any governmental authority; (iii) it has not entered into any
additional licenses, sublicenses or other arrangements that may limit its rights or the rights of JP under this Agreement or which
may reasonably be expected to lead to a claim of infringement or invalidity regarding any portion of the Licensed IP or its use;
(iv) it has no knowledge of infringement of, or conflict with, any license or other intellectual property right of any other
third-party, and there is no known claim pending, filed or threatened related to infringement, ownership, misappropriation, or
invalidity regarding the Licensed IP or its use; and (v) it has not granted and will not at any time during the Term grant or permit
to exist any sublicense or other contingent or non-contingent right, title or interest under or relating to the Licensed IP in
connection with the OTC Business to any individual or entity, that does or will conflict with or otherwise undermine or impair the
exclusive rights of JP hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensors may use or sublicense the Licensed IP outside of the OTC
Business provided that any such further sublicense or grant of rights to any third party by either Licensor includes sufficient
restrictions to protect the license rights granted to JP under this Agreement. 

6.3. TOL
License. Each Licensor hereby covenants that it will not take any actions, or fail to act, in any way that results in a
material modification, limitation, loss, or termination of the rights granted by TOL that are sublicensed hereunder. 

7 . INFRINGEMENT
BY THIRD-PARTIES . 

7.1 Report
of Infringement . With respect to any Licensed IP, when information comes to the attention of JP to the effect that any of the
licensed rights have been or are threatened to be infringed by a third party, JP shall promptly notify the Licensors in writing of
any such infringement or threatened infringement of which it has become aware. 

7.2 Enforcement .
Each Licensor will take, at its own expense, any action it deems advisable in good faith to protect the Licensed IP. In the event of
an infringement or threatened infringement by a third party of the Licensed IP, the Licensors shall have the exclusive option to
direct and control the litigation and any settlement thereof at their sole expense. JP shall cooperate at its own expense with the
Licensors in protecting and defending the Licensed IP, provided that any monetary recovery will first be used to reimburse any such
expenses of the Parties participating in such suit. In the event that neither Licensor promptly prosecutes such alleged infringement
or violation of the Licensed IP, JP shall have the right, but not the obligation, to enforce such Licensed IP at its own expense.
Each Licensor hereby agrees, on its own behalf and on behalf of TOL, to join in such suit if required for proper standing. If JP has
brought such an action, any award will be distributed entirely to JP. 

8.
INDEMNIFICATION. 

8.1 By
Licensors . Each Licensor will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless JP, and its officers, directors, members, managers, and
employees from any losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, awards, settlements, costs, and expenses, including reasonable
attorneys fees, (collectively, Losses incurred in relation to a third-party claim arising out of any:
(i) gross negligence, willful misconduct, or violation of applicable law by the indemnifying Party; (ii) personal injury, death, or
loss of or damage to property caused by the indemnifying Party; (iii) breach of any representations and warranties by the
indemnifying Party in Section 6; or (iv) any modification or termination of the applicable TOL License which may materially affect
JP s rights under this Agreement, unless JP has given prior written consent to such modification or termination, which will
not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 

8.2 By
JP . JP will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless each Licensor and its officers, directors, members, managers, and employees,
from any Losses incurred in relation to a third-party claim arising out of any: (i) gross negligence, willful misconduct, or
violation of applicable law by JP or the JP Contractors; (ii) personal injury, death, or loss of or damage to property caused by JP
or the JP Contractors; (iii) breach of any representations and warranties by JP in Section 6; or (iv) claim by TOL against a
Licensor arising out of the TOL License related to activities of JP or the JP Contractors with regards to the OTC Business due to
noncompliance with this Agreement. JP s obligations under this Section 8.2 will not apply to the extent a claim is related to
a Licensor s breach of, or actions beyond the scope of, the TOL License or this Agreement. 

8.3 Procedures .
The Party entitled to indemnification for a claim hereunder (the Indemnified Party will promptly give written
notice to the other Party (the Indemnifying Party of such claim, provided that a delay will not affect the
Indemnifying Party s obligations except to the extent such delay is materially prejudicial to it. The Indemnified Party will
give the Indemnifying Party full control of the defense upon request, and will provide all cooperation and information reasonable
requested by the Indemnifying Party in relation to the defense. The Indemnifying Party will not, without the Indemnified
Party s prior written consent, enter into any settlement that imposes any non-monetary obligations or liability on the
Indemnified Party. 

9.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 

EXCEPT
FOR A PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 8 , OR FOR ANY MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION OF THE TOL
LICENSE THAT MAY MATERIALLY AFFECT JP S RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THE ADVANCE WRITTEN CONSENT OF JP, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR AGGRAVATED, OR ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER REASONABLY ANTICIPATED OR NOT. 

10.
GENERAL. 

10.1 Bankruptcy .
The licenses and sublicenses granted to JP hereunder for the OTC Business are, for purposes of section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy
Code, licenses of rights to intellectual property, as that term is defined in section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code.
Nothing in this agreement limits JP s rights under section 365(n), and JP is not making an election under section 365(n)
hereunder. After commencement of any insolvency proceeding by TO LLC or TOH, upon written request by JP, the applicable Licensor TO
LLC or TOH shall use commercially reasonable efforts to assist JP as licensee to obtain Intellectual Property that such applicable
Licensor is obligated to provide JP under this Agreement, if not already in JP s possession, as reasonably necessary for JP to
exercise, pursuant to Section 365(n) of the Bankruptcy Code, its rights and licenses. 

10.2 Cooperation .
The Parties agree to reasonably cooperate with and assist each other in connection with the license rights granted under this
Agreement and the development and success of commercializing the Licensed IP in connection with the OTC Business, including in
executing documents and joining in any litigation as needed to ensure proper standing for such litigation. 

10.3 Conflict
with TOL License . If there is any obligation of any Licensor not addressed herein and there exists a conflict between any
obligation of any Licensor under the TOL License and the terms of this Agreement, the relevant obligation of the TOL License shall
prevail. 

10.4 Notices .
Any notices sent hereunder will be sent by e-mail and internationally-recognized overnight or two (2) day express courier to the
following addresses, which may be updated at any time upon ten (10) calendar days prior written notice to the other
Party: 

If
to TO LLC : 

 Tikun
Olam LLC, c/o CSC Global 

 2711
Centerville Rd, Suite 400 

 Wilmington,
DE 19808 

With
copies to : 5 Penn Plaza, 23 rd Fl, Ny, NY 10001, United States, Email: info@tikunolam.com, bernie@tikunolam.com, accounting@tikunolam.com 

If
to TOH : 

 Tikun
Olam Hemp LLC, c/o CSC Global 

 251
Little Falls Drive 

 Wilmington,
DE 19808 

With
copies to : 5 Penn Plaza, 23 rd Fl, Ny, NY 10001, United States, Email: info@tikunolam.com, bernie@tikunolam.com, accounting@tikunolam.com 

If
to JP : 

 Jay
Pharma, Inc 

 181
Bay Street, Suite 4400 

 Brookfield
Place 

 Toronto,
ON M5J 2T3 

 Email:
dstefansky@bezalelpartners.com 

All
notices hereunder may be given by any other commercially recognized means, but shall not be deemed to have been duly given unless and
until it is actually received by the intended recipient. 

10.5 Governing
Law; Forum Selection . THIS AGREEMENT, AND ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO OR ARISING THEREFROM, SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE
(WHETHER OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN
THOSE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach,
termination or validity thereof, or the enforcement of any judgment relating hereto, shall be resolved in the state and federal
courts located in New York, New York. Each Party hereby agrees not to object to the personal jurisdiction of such court, and not to
object to such court as being an inconvenient forum. 

10.6 Dispute
Resolution . In the event of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement Dispute arising from or
relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, the Parties hereto shall use their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim,
question, or disagreement. To this effect, they shall consult and negotiate with each other in good faith and, recognizing their
mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable solution satisfactory to all Parties. All Disputes not resolved within
fifteen (15) days by good faith negotiation shall be finally settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration
Association, in New York, New York, in accordance with the provisions of that organization s Commercial Arbitration Rules. The
dispute shall be heard and determined by a panel of three (3) arbitrators, unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. In such case,
each Party shall each select one (1) arbitrator. The arbitrator selected by the claimant and the arbitrator selected by respondent
shall, within ten (10) days of their appointment, select a third neutral arbitrator. In the event that they are unable to do so, or
if for any reason the three (3) arbitrators are not timely empanelled, the Parties, or either of them, or their attorneys, may
request that the American Arbitration Association appoint the third or any other necessary arbitrator. Prior to the commencement of
hearings, each of the arbitrators appointed shall provide an oath or undertaking of impartiality. The United States Arbitration Act
shall govern the interpretation, enforcement, and proceedings pursuant hereto. Notwithstanding any provision hereof, any applicable
law or public policy considerations, including without limitation any possible illegality or unenforceability of this Agreement or
any portion hereof due to the subject matter hereof, the arbitrators shall interpret this Agreement giving full effect to the terms
and provisions hereof. All charges of the American Arbitration Association or any mediator shall be borne equally by the Parties,
and each Party hereby agrees to pay all such charges promptly upon request therefor, and if any Party shall fail to do so, the other
Party shall be permitted to apply towards such charges any amounts otherwise due to the non-paying Party. The Parties to the
arbitration proceeding shall bear their own respective expenses incurred in connection therewith, including, but not limited to,
legal fees and expenses. 

10.7 Waiver;
Amendment . The waiver by any Party of any breach of covenant will not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or
any other covenant. All waivers must be in writing, and signed by the Party waiving its rights. This Agreement may be modified only
by a written instrument executed by authorized representatives of the Parties sought to be bound. 

10.8 Assignment .
Neither Party may assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party,
which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this section will
be null and void. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon the Parties, together with their respective legal
representatives, successors, and assigns, as permitted herein. 

10.9 No
Third-Party Beneficiaries . Nothing in this Agreement confers any rights or remedies upon any third party. 

10.10 Severability .
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, void, unenforceable, or unconstitutional by a court of competent
jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force without being impaired or invalidated. 

10.11 Entire
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and
supersedes, and cannot be varied, contradicted or supplemented by evidence of, any prior agreements, proposals, negotiations,
correspondence, representations, or communications relating to such subject matter. The Parties acknowledge that they have not been
induced to enter into this Agreement by any representations or promises not specifically stated herein. 

10.12 Execution;
Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, including electronic counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one agreement. The headings of the various sections of this Agreement
have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Agreement. 

10.13 Definition
of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the conditions to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Amalgamation Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed that the
closing of the Amalgamation Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be
deemed to have occurred prior to the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement. If the consummation of the Amalgamation Agreement
has not occurred by July 8, 2020, any party hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other
parties. 

The
Parties hereby execute this Agreement as of the Signing Date. 

TIKUN
 OLAM HEMP LLC 
 
 TIKUN
 OLAM LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 
 
 Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 
 
 Title: 
 Manager 

JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 David Stefansky 

Name: 
 David
 Stefansky 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 18
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit 10.15 

FIRST
AMENDMENT TO THE 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

THIS
FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT (U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into as of August 12, 2020,
by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikun Olam LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TO LLC ), and Tikun Olam Hemp LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TOH ), and amends that
certain Assignment and Assumption Agreement (the Agreement ), dated as of January 10, 2020, by and among Company,
TP and TOCI. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1. Amendments .
In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective as of the date
hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors own, or have the right to license, certain intellectual property related to cannabis products; 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors wish to license to JP, and JP wishes to receive from each of the Licensors, the right to use such intellectual property
in connection with over-the-counter cancer-related products and topical or transdermal skin care and body care beauty products; 

WHEREAS ,
in consideration of the licenses and rights granted herein, JP will pay certain royalties to TO Holdings Group LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company TO Holdings that controls or indirectly controls its Affiliates, TO LLC and TOH, all as further
described herein; and 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Tender Offer Support Agreement and Termination of Amalgamation Agreement (the Tender Agreement with Ameri Holdings, Inc. and certain other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the
transactions contemplated hereby will be not consummated until all of the conditions to the closing of transaction contemplated by the
Tender Agreement have been satisfied. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section
 10.13 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

10.13 Definition
of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date that all of the conditions to the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Tender Agreement have been satisfied and JP has confirmed that the closing of the
Tender Agreement shall occur within 24 hours. For the avoidance, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be deemed to have occurred prior
to the consummation of the Tender Agreement. If the consummation of the Tender Agreement has not occurred by January 1, 2021, any party
hereto may terminate this agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2. Effect
of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations, warranties,
covenants and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment, and shall
remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed in all
respects. This Amendment shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other
amendment, modification or waiver of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein or
therein. This Amendment is supplemental to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed in
connection with and as a part of, the Agreement for any and all purposes. 

3. Counterparts .
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures shall be as effective as
originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKUN
 OLAM HEMP LLC 
 TIKUN
 OLAM LLC 

By: 
 /s/
Bernard Sucher 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 
 
 Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 
 
 Title: 
 Manager 

JAY
PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Name: 
 Henoch
 Cohn 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature Page to 

 First Amendment to the License Agreement 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 19
 ex10-16.htm

Exhibit
10.16 

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO THE 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

THIS
SECOND AMENDMENT TO THE LICENSE AGREEMENT (U.S.) (this Amendment is made and entered into as of October
2, 2020, by and among Jay Pharma Inc., a Canada corporation Company ), Tikun Olam LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company TO LLC ), and Tikun Olam Hemp LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TOH ),
and amends that certain License Agreement, dated as of January 10, 2020 (the License Agreement ), by and among
Company, TO LLC and TOH, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the License Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2020 (the
 First Amendment and, together with the License Agreement, the Agreement ). Capitalized
terms used but not defined herein have their respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. 

1.
 Amendments . In accordance with the terms and conditions of the Agreement, the Agreement shall be amended as follows, effective
as of the date hereof: 

a. 
 The
 Recitals to the Agreement are hereby deleted and replaced in their entirety by the following: 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors own, or have the right to license, certain intellectual property related to cannabis products; 

WHEREAS ,
the Licensors wish to license to JP, and JP wishes to receive from each of the Licensors, the right to use such intellectual property
in connection with over-the-counter cancer-related products and topical or transdermal skin care and body care beauty products; 

WHEREAS ,
in consideration of the licenses and rights granted herein, JP will pay certain royalties to TO Holdings Group LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company TO Holdings that controls or indirectly controls its Affiliates, TO LLC and TOH,
all as further described herein; and 

WHEREAS ,
JP has entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (the SPA ), with certain
other parties signatory thereto and it is the express intention of the parties hereto that the transactions contemplated hereby
will be consummated upon the satisfaction of the conditions to the closing of transactions contemplated by the SPA. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows: 

b. 
 Section
 10.13 of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced in its entirety by the following: 

10.13
 Definition of Effective Date . For purposes of this Agreement, Effective Date means the date the Second
Amendment to this Agreement is executed by the parties. For the avoidance of doubt, in all cases, the Effective Date shall be
deemed to have occurred prior to the consummation of the SPA. If the consummation of the SPA has not occurred by January 1, 2021,
any party hereto may terminate this Agreement by delivering written notice to the other parties. 

2.
 Effect of Amendment . Except as specifically set forth in this Amendment, all of the terms, provisions, representations,
warranties, covenants and conditions contained in the Agreement shall remain unmodified and unwaived by the terms of this Amendment,
and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective terms, and are hereby ratified, approved and confirmed
in all respects. This Amendment shall not constitute any party s consent or indicate its willingness to consent to any other
amendment, modification or waiver of the Agreement, the schedules thereto or any instruments or agreements referred to herein
or therein. This Amendment is supplemental to the Agreement and does, and shall be deemed to, form a part of, and shall be construed
in connection with and as a part of, the Agreement for any and all purposes. 

3.
 Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original,
but all such counterparts together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile or pdf copies of original signatures
shall be as effective as originals. 

[Signature
Pages Follow] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Amendment as of the date first written above. 

TIKUN
 OLAM HEMP LLC 
 
 TIKUN
 OLAM LLC 

By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bernard Sucher 

Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 
 
 Name: 
 Bernard
 Sucher 

Title: 
 Manager 
 
 Title: 
 Manager 

JAY
 PHARMA, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Henoch Cohn 

Name: 
 Henoch
 Cohn 

Title: 
 President 

Signature
Page to 

 Second
Amendment to the License Agreement 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 20
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

 SUBSIDIARIES
OF ENVERIC BIOSCIENCES, INC. 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Organization 
 
 Jay
 Pharma, Inc. 
 
 Ontario,
 Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 21
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File Nos. 333-233260 and 333-253196) of
our report dated April 1, 2021, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Enveric Biosciences,
Inc. as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2020,
appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enveric Biosciences, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 

Marcum
LLP 

New
York, NY 

 April
1, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 22
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Johnson, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Enveric Biosciences, Inc; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

April
 1, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 David Johnson 

David
 Johnson 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 23
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SARBANES OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, John Van Buiten, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form
10 K of Enveric Biosciences, Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does
not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f)
and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to
adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

April 1, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ John Van Buiten 

John Van Buiten 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 24
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Enveric
Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates
indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

April
 1, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ David Johnson 

David Johnson 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

April
 1, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/ John Van Buiten 

John Van Buiten 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 25
 amrh-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 26
 amrh-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 amrh-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 28
 amrh-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 29
 amrh-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 30
 amrh-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

