<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210401_10-K_edgar_data_835662_0001493152-21-007578.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3516848</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>252449</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>302532</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1040630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1059842</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>770824</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-007578.hdr.sgml : 20210401
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210331200352
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-007578
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AiXin Life International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000835662
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-DRUG STORES AND PROPRIETARY STORES [5912]
		IRS NUMBER:				841085935
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17284
		FILM NUMBER:		21795455

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HONGXING INTL BUSINESS BUILDING 2,
		STREET 2:		14TH FLR, NO. 69, QINGYUN SOUVE AVE.,
		CITY:			JINJIANG, CHENGDU, SICHUAN PRO
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			610011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-739-7689

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		HONGXING INTL BUSINESS BUILDING 2,
		STREET 2:		14TH FLR, NO. 69, QINGYUN SOUVE AVE.,
		CITY:			JINJIANG, CHENGDU, SICHUAN PRO
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			610011

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MERCARI COMMUNICATIONS GROUP LTD
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-007578.txt : 20210401

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2020 

Commission File Number: 000-17284 

AIXIN LIFE
INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

Colorado 
 
 84-1085935 
 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction 
 
 IRS Employer 
 
 of Incorporation) 
 
 Identification Number 

Hongxing International Business Building
2, 14 th FL, No. 69 Qingyun South Ave., Jinjiang District 

 Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

86-313-6732526 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section
12(g) of The Act: 

Title of Each
 Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each Exchange on 
 Which Registered 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 Par Value 
 
 AIXN 
 
 OTCQX 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer [ ] 
 
 Accelerated filer [ ] 

Non-accelerated filer [ ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company [X] 

Emerging growth company [ ] 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. [ ] 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X] 

As of June 30, 2020, the aggregate market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates was 68,647,460, based on 17,161,865 shares of outstanding common stock held
by non-affiliates, and a price of 4.00 per share, which was the last reported sale price of our common stock on OTC Market on
that date. 

As of March 31, 2021, we had outstanding 49,999,891
shares of common stock. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

AIXIN LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Page
 No. 
 
 PART I 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 

Part II 

Item
 5 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item
 6 
 Selected Financial Data 
 29 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 
 29 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls And Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other Information 
 36 

Part III 

Item
 10 
 Directors And Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 39 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 40 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence 
 40 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees And Services 
 41 

Part IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

Signatures 
 45 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, 
 estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, 
 predicts, projects, should, would and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are
based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements relating to: 

our
 goals and strategies; 

our
 future business development, financial condition and results of operations; 

our
 expectations regarding demand for, and market acceptance of, our products; 

our
 expectations regarding keeping and strengthening our relationships with merchants, manufacturers and end-users; and 

general
 economic and business conditions in the regions where we provide our services. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report
and the documents that we reference and filed as exhibits to the report completely and with the understanding that our actual
future results may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
any forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

REVERSE
STOCK SPLIT 

We
effected a 1 for 4 reverse split of our common stock October 27, 2020. As a result of the reverse split and the elimination
of fractional shares, the number of shares of our common stock outstanding was reduced from 200,000,000 to 49,999891. Unless explicitly
stated otherwise, all share and per share numbers in this Report have been adjusted to give effect to the reverse stock split. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
 1 
 Business. 

Overview 

We
market and sell consumer products in China by offering premium-quality nutritional products. We also provide advertising and marketing
services to clients which engage us to distribute their products. We offer our products and those of the manufacturers which engage
us to distribute their products directly to consumers at our sales offices, through person to-person marketing and
at events we organize and sponsor, at which, on occasion, representatives of the manufacturers promote their products. We also
rely on client recommendations to market and sell products and offer discounts to clients who purchase significant quantities
of products for the purpose of marketing and selling the products to their friends, family members and others. We also offer clients
who purchase significant quantities of products paid vacations, travel and other benefits. The products can be purchased at the
events held by us, as well as any of the sales offices we maintain in Chengdu. 

Before
promoting a product, we research it and its manufacturer to determine the manufacturer s reputation as to whether it delivers
unadulterated products, and whether there is a basis for claiming the product can deliver the benefits claimed. As part of this
effort, a group of our employees use the products and provide feedback based upon their personal experiences. We base our evaluation
of products on the assessments received from our employees. We also review and to the extent feasible confirm information and
reports received from the manufacturer and distributor. We do not rely upon any other third-parties to independently test products
to determine their efficacy. 

Once
we determine to offer a product we seek to purchase large quantities, enabling us to acquire products at prices we believe are
below those available to smaller distributors. 

We
offer our clients personalized services, including educating them through seminars on the benefits of the products we distribute,
maintaining sales offices at which our clients can engage in recreational and social activities where the products we offer are
prominently displayed and can be picked up, conducting promotions with representatives of the manufacturers of the products, and
encouraging customer loyalty with incentives such as rewards and discounts based upon the quantities of products purchased for
individual use or sold to others. We believe our marketing strategy which emphasizes ongoing personal contact and support, coaching
and educating our clients as to the benefits of the products we distribute is ideally suited for selling nutritional products
and builds confidence in us and customer loyalty to us and the products we sell. We believe this is particularly the case in China
where the middle class is growing in size yet, due to lax enforcement and limited laws and regulations, many manufacturers and
distributors, particularly those of new and innovative products, are not trusted by consumers. Thus, although our focus is our
clients, the manufacturers we work with get the benefit of the trust our clients have placed in us. Consequently, although certain
of the products we distribute are produced by a variety of manufacturers, we require the manufacturer or distributor from which
we purchase a product to provide us with exclusive distribution rights for an agreed upon time period within a prescribed territory
or package the product so that while we are offering a product, it is distinct from products sold to our competitors. 

In
addition to our ongoing operations, we are seeking to acquire an interest in additional business through opportunities located
by our management or presented by persons or firms which desire to take advantage of the perceived advantages of an Exchange Act
registered corporation. We are not restricting our search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and may
participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature. 

In
response to the Covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented the following strategies: 

1. 
 Importing
 products from the U.S.A. and other countries to diversify our product line. 
 
 2. 
 Exploring
 how to strengthen our on-line sales capability. 
 
 3. 
 Increasing
 our efforts to find acquisition opportunities as many good companies are struggling through the Covid-19 pandemic due to decreased
 revenues. 

4 

It
is the goal of our management, in particular, our Chairman, Quanzhong Lin to grow our business and to modify its capital structure
in order to qualify for a listing on NASDAQ or the NYSE-American exchange. As part of this effort, we will continue to seek to
acquire more businesses and to modify our capital structure as necessary to meet the requirements of the exchange to which we
apply for a listing. As part of this effort. on June 8, 2020, Mr. Lin transferred 35,049,675 shares of our common stock to our
Company for cancellation. After the share cancellation, there were approximately 50,000,000 common shares issued and outstanding. 

Our
executive offices are at Hongxing International Business Building 2, 14 th FL, No. 69 Qingyun South Ave., Jinjiang District,
Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China, and our telephone number is +86-28-8669-1072. 

Products
We Offer 

We
offer a variety of nutritional products on behalf of our company and our marketing clients, which change over time in response
to the consumer market. Our most popular products during 2020 were Tongl ke, Huo s oral solution, probiotics and
food washing liquid. 

We
source and purchase all of our products through third party distributors and manufacturers which we carefully research before
determining to distribute a product. 

Marketing
and Sales Strategy 

We
market and sell the products we offer directly to our clients on-line and off-line. We distribute informational videos to our
clients on line and make posts on social media groups three times a day. Off-line we primarily utilize person-to-person marketing
to promote and sell our products. These personal marketing efforts include hosting educational events and allowing customers to
utilize our facilities for social gatherings. We believe our marketing strategy is effective because: 

we
 educate consumers about products face-to-face, which we believe is more effective for differentiating our products than using
 traditional mass-media advertising, particularly when introducing a new product to an older unsophisticated group of consumers
 in an environment where it is difficult to obtain accurate, reliable product information; 

it
 provides for actual product demonstrations and use by potential consumers; 

it
 allows us to provide personal testimonials of product efficacy; and 

as
 compared to other marketing methods, we have the opportunity to provide consumers higher levels of service and encourage repeat
 purchases. 

We
market the products we offer to two types of clients: individuals who buy our products primarily for personal or family consumption;
and individuals who buy, use and distribute our products to new clients. 

We
offer our clients high-quality, innovative products that provide demonstrable benefits. We attempt to obtain detailed personal
information about each of our clients so that we can direct each of them to products that best suit their needs and begin to distribute
new products that will appeal to our clients. We track the purchases made by every individual who purchases products directly
from us. Based upon their purchasing history, we believe a significant majority of our clients purchase the products we sell primarily
for personal or family consumption and are not actively pursuing the opportunity we offer to generate income by marketing and
reselling products. 

Our
strategy for increasing the number of clients interested in selling the products we offer to others and for developing new clients
who demonstrate the ability to sell our products to others, is to provide them with compensation, in the form of quantity purchase
discounts and other incentives, such as free meals, travel or vacations. We track the amount of products purchased and frequency
of purchases by those clients who sell our products to others and reward them when we think it is appropriate 

5 

We
offer our clients a customer satisfaction guarantee. Our sales policy allows for the return of unopened products for cash after
deducting certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to returning a product, customers can exchange a product for
another of the same value. 

Because
of restrictions on direct selling and multi-level market in Mainland China, we structured our business model to avoid being placed
in either category based on the guidance we received from government officials, our interpretation of applicable regulations,
our understanding of the practices of international direct selling companies operating in Mainland China, and our understanding
as to how regulators are interpreting and enforcing the regulations. 

Competition 

Products 

The
category of nutritional products is very competitive and there are various channels through which such products are marketed to
consumers, including direct selling, through the internet, through specialty retailers and discount channels of food, drug and
mass merchandisers. We seek to differentiate ourselves by being familiar with our clients and providing a personalized sales experience
and focusing on after-sale services where sales employees focus on the consultative sales process through product education and
the frequent contact and support that many sales employees have with the clients. From a competitive standpoint, there are many
providers and sales outlets of nutritional products in China. We believe that none have effectively combined the product, personal
coaching, education and the product access provided by our sales employees and, further, that these efforts are compounded by
the peer pressure our clients generate through our organized group sales presentations. 

Our
Competitive Advantages / Strengths 

Client
Base 

We
have clients who primarily join for a discount on products they consume and introductions to new products they might desire, along
with clients who also choose to profit by reselling our products. We currently have around 100,000 clients nation-wide in China.
The majority purchase products for personal and family use, while others purchase products for their own use and for distribution
to others. 

When
customers purchase the products we offer, information such as the customer s name and the products purchased, is entered
into our computer system, enabling us to develop a profile of more active customers. We do not initially identify a new customer
as a preferred client or client distributor but monitor each member s purchase patterns over time in order to match products
to their desires and, eventually, categorize them as a preferred customer or distributor. 

We
do not pay salaries or commissions to client distributors. It is our practice to offer client distributors discounts on quantity
purchases and to reward them through incentives, such as free meals, travel or vacations., 

People
become our clients for a number of reasons. Many first start out as consumers looking to improve their health through better nutrition
and join simply to receive a better price on products they and their families consume and enjoy, while others join so they can
resell our products and generate income. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
 study the attributes of new products which become available and after researching the benefits which they claim to offer we
 organize a group of professionals to experience and evaluate the products. Only after we determine that a product is safe,
 manufactured in conformance with appropriate standards, and has a basis for the claims made, do we recommend a product to
 our clients. This process ensures our clients get safe, quality products that suit their personal needs and upon which they
 can rely. 

Our
 clients vary greatly in age, background, health and physical condition. We organize activities and events so that we might
 learn each client s family background, physical condition and personal health needs, and categorize them into different
 groups for different products. For example: cardiovascular and cerebrovascular group , bones and joints ,
 and heart health. 

6 

We
 also focus on after-sale services. Due to the large number of clients that are in the middle-to-older aged groups, we have
 the ability to have products delivered to our clients homes by sales personal who can explain the product and demonstrate
 its use. Our sales personnel are available on a 24-hour basis for questions from clients. Once a client purchases a
 product, our in-house health advisors will contact him or her to give appropriate professional advice and consultation both
 over the phone, of face-to-face if needed. 

Our
Strategies 

On-site
 Publicity. We have rooms available at our sales offices throughout Chengdu at which our clients can gather to play cards,
 enjoy afternoon teas, and engage in other social activities. The products we distribute are displayed at each of our facilities
 along with appropriate literature and can be purchased by clients and visitors. 

Marketing
 Events. We periodically host small and large-scale marketing events for up to approximately 1000 participants. These events
 are held at our premises or at restaurants and during travel. At each event products are demonstrated and our personnel explain
 the benefits of the products and, if available, representatives of the manufacturer or distributor are on hand to respond
 to questions or make a presentation. We use holidays, such as National Day, New Year Day, and
 Mid-Autumn Day as opportunities to host large-scale themed activities or events appropriate for the season. 

One-on-one
 marketing. Salespeople will explain and market products to clients one-on-one at our facilities, during marketing events or
 at a client s home or office, which gives a personal touch and more detailed explanation of products. 

Seasonality 

In
general, there is no seasonality in the sale of nutritional products. 

Regulation 

General 

The
distribution of nutritional products is subject to many laws, governmental regulations, administrative determinations and guidance.
Such laws, regulations and other constraints exist at the national, provincial and local levels, including regulations pertaining
to: (1) the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, importation, sale and storage of products; (2) product
claims and advertising, including direct claims and advertising by us, as well as claims and advertising by manufacturers and
distributors of the products we offer, for which we may be held responsible; and (3) taxes. As a distributor, we are subject to
only a portion of these laws and regulations. We believe that we are fully compliant with those applicable to our activities. 

Products 

Prior
to commencing manufacture or distribution of a product, the manufacturer or distributor may be required to obtain an approval,
license or certification from the national, provincial or local government in China. Although we attempt to determine whether
all regulatory requirements have been met, we cannot monitor the manufacture of products and cannot be certain that all applicable
regulations are satisfied. Moreover, even if we were to determine that a manufacturer or distributor had the requisite license
or certification at the beginning of a relationship, we might not become aware if it were to forfeit any regulatory approvals
or fail to adhere to applicable requirements. 

7 

Regulation
of Nutritional Products. 

Dietary
supplements are subject to regulation by the China Food and Drug Administration. Mainland China has highly restrictive nutritional
supplement product regulations. Products marketed as health foods are subject to extensive laboratory and clinical
analysis by government authorities, and the product registration process in Mainland China generally takes one to two years but,
may be substantially longer. We market both health foods and general foods in Mainland China. As a
secondary distributor, we are not in a position to obtain any required license, though we may be held liable if we were to distribute
a product which had not been properly tested and registered with the authorities. There is some risk associated with the common
practice in Mainland China of marketing a product as a general food while seeking health food classification.
If government officials feel the categorization of a product distributed by us is inconsistent with product claims, ingredients
or function, this could end or limit our ability to market such products. 

As
the middle class has grown, the number of manufacturers and distributors of nutritional supplements in China has dramatically
increased. Many of these enterprises have often ignored applicable laws and distributed adulterated or inferior products. We believe
this has created a marketing opportunity which we have tried to exploit as a trusted source of products on which our clients can
rely. To the extent our reputation results from reviewing and testing products prior to distributing them, and then distributing
only products determined to be safe, it is incumbent upon us to ensure that the manufacturers and distributors upon which we rely
are trustworthy. A failure by any of these third parties could cause substantial damage to our reputation, business and financial
results. 

Direct
Selling and Multi-Level Marketing Regulations 

Direct
selling and multi-level marketing are two forms of marketing regulated by various national, provincial and local government agencies
in China. These laws and regulations are generally intended to prevent fraudulent or deceptive schemes, including pyramid 
schemes, which compensate participants primarily for recruiting additional participants without significant emphasis on product
sales to consumers. 

Under
PRC regulations, direct selling refers to a type of business mode in which a company recruits door-to-door salesmen
to sell products directly to ultimate consumers outside the companies fixed places of business. Businesses engaged in direct
selling are required to obtain a license from the PRC government. A direct selling company is required to provide vocational
training for, and conduct an examination of, any sales promoter it recruits, and obtain a certificate for each sales promoter
after the sales promoter has passed the examination. A direct selling company is also required, when commencing operations, to
deposit RMB 20 million 2.9 million) in a special account with a designated bank, which deposit is adjusted on a monthly basis
to equal 15 of the operator s sales from direct selling products up to RMB 0.1 billion 14.5 million). 

We
do not engage in direct selling activities subject to regulations prevalent in China since we do not employee sales personnel
engaged in door-to-door sales outside our place of business. 

Under
PRC regulations, multi-level marketing refers to marketing, promotional and sales activities whereby organizers
or operators take in new members and compensate each member based upon the number of new members introduced by such member, directly
or indirectly, or based upon the level of sales generated by the members introduced by such member. The regulations also prohibit
an organizer from requiring new members to deposit a sum of money as a condition to membership, or requiring that members recruit
additional members to establish a multi-level relationship. PRC regulations distinguish direct selling from multi-level marketing
in that all direct sellers are normally trained by the direct selling company and any direct seller is not allowed to develop
new followers or form multiple levels. 

We
are not in the direct selling category or multi-level marketing category since (i) we do not pay salaries or commissions to our
member distributors, who decide as a matter of personal preference whether to introduce our products to relatives or friends based
on their own personal experience of usage and/or trust of our company s products; (ii) we do not require individuals to
deposit a sum of money to become a member; and (iii) we do not pay members to recruit individuals to join in or to form a multi-level
relationship. 

Nevertheless,
the laws and regulations governing direct selling and multi-level marketing may be modified or reinterpreted from time to time,
which may cause us to change our business model. Regulations are subject to discretionary interpretation by regulators and governmental
authorities. There is often ambiguity and uncertainty with respect to the implication of direct selling and anti-pyramiding laws
and regulations. 

8 

Employees 

As
of March 15, 2021, we had approximately 58 full-time employees, of which approximately 25 were in management and administration,
31 were sales and service personnel and 2 were in public relations and sales support. 

Corporate
History 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado on December 30, 1987. 

In
January 2017, Algodon Wine Luxury Development Group, Inc., then the owner of a majority of our outstanding shares, sold
10,999,950 shares of our common stock to an unrelated third party and assigned to such party its right to the repayment of 150,087
of non-interest bearing advances to our company for working capital. In February 2017, Mr. Quanzhong Lin, our President, purchased
7,380,352 shares of our common stock, approximately 65 of our outstanding shares of common stock for 300,000. Mr. Lin is an
accomplished Chinese entrepreneur who has founded pharmacies, retail outlets, companies which provide services in hotel management
and global tourism, and AiXinZhonghong, 

In
December 2017, we issued 56,838,151 shares of common stock to Mr. Lin, the sole stockholder of AiXin BVI, for all of the outstanding
shares of AiXin BVI, pursuant to a share exchange agreement. Mr. Lin then owned 64,218,504 shares of our common stock, or 80.8 
of our outstanding shares. 

Effective
February 1, 2018, we changed our name to AiXin Life International., Inc. AiXin ). 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together
with all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks
actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our
common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Covid
 19 Pandemic 

The
financial statements contained in this Report as well as the description of our business contained herein, unless otherwise indicated,
principally reflect the status of our business and the results of our operations as of December 31, 2020 and the results of our
operations for the year ended December 31, 2020. Economies throughout the world, including that of China, have been severely disrupted
by the effects of the quarantines, stay at home orders, business closures and the reluctance of individuals to leave their homes
resulting from the outbreak of the Covid-19 Pandemic. As a company which does business exclusively in Chengdu, a city in
Western China, our business has been adversely impacted by the outbreak of Covid 19 and we cannot forecast with any certainty
when the disruptions caused by Covid-19 will no longer affect our business and the results of our operations. In reading
the risk factors set forth below, in each case, consider the additional uncertainties caused by the outbreak of Covid-19. 

We
require significant investment to expand or maintain the current level of our business. 

We
will require significant expenditures in the future to fund future growth. We intend to fund our growth out of internal sources
of liquidity or through additional financing from external sources, including our principal stockholder. Given our recent results
of operations, we cannot rely upon internally generated cash to significantly expand or even maintain our current level of operations.
Our ability to obtain external financing in the future at a reasonable cost is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: 

our
 future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 

the
 condition of the global and domestic financial markets; and 

changes
 in the monetary policy of the PRC government with respect to bank interest rates and lending practices. 

9 

If
we require additional funds and cannot obtain them on acceptable terms when required or at all, we may be unable to fulfill our
working capital needs, upgrade our existing facilities or expand our business, and may have to reduce the level of our operations.
These factors may also prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business or implementing our
future strategies. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

We
face intense competition, and if we do not compete successfully against existing and new competitors, we may lose market share
and suffer losses. 

We
face intense competition. We believe our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control. Some
of our current and potential competitors may have greater financial, marketing, user traffic and other resources than we have.
Certain of our competitors may be able to devote greater resources to marketing and promotional campaigns and devote substantially
more resources to website and system development than us. Increased competition may reduce our market share and require us to
increase our marketing and promotional efforts, which could negatively affect our operating margins or force us to incur losses.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and competitive
pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may have difficulty in managing our future growth and any associated increased scale of our operations. 

We
expect to expand through both organic growth and acquisitions. Our future expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial,
operational, technical and financial resources. In order to better allocate our resources to manage our growth, we must hire,
recruit and manage our workforce effectively and implement adequate internal controls in a timely manner. If we are unable to
effectively manage our growth and the associated increased scale of our operations, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Any
damage to our reputation or our failure to enhance our recognition as a distributor of quality nutritional products may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
believe the market recognition and reputation we achieved have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining
and enhancing our reputation is critical to our success and ability to compete. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control,
may negatively impact our reputation, such as: 

any
 failure to maintain a pleasant and reliable experience for clients; 

any
 adverse reaction of one or more of our clients to any product we distribute, including reactions caused by the delivery of
 inferior or adulterated products by one of our suppliers; and 

any
 negative publicity about us, including any actual or perceived product quality problems. 

If
we are unable to maintain a good reputation, further enhance our recognition as a distributor of quality nutritional products,
continue to develop our user loyalty and increase positive awareness of the products we offer, our results of operations may be
materially and adversely affected. 

10 

Changes
in economic conditions and consumer confidence in China may influence the market for nutritional products, consumer preferences
and spending patterns. 

Our
business and revenue growth primarily depend on the size of the market for nutritional products in China. As a result, our revenue
and profitability may be negatively affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence
in China. In particular, as we focus on our expansion in metropolitan markets, where living standards and consumer purchasing
power are relatively high, we are especially susceptible to changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence and customer preferences
of the urban Chinese population. External factors beyond our control that affect consumer confidence include unemployment rates,
levels of personal disposable income, national, regional or local economic conditions, and acts of war or terrorism. Changes in
economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns.
A decrease in overall consumer spending as a result of changes in economic conditions could adversely affect our sales of nutritional
supplements and negatively impact our profitability. In addition, acts of war or terrorism may cause damage to our facilities,
disrupt the supply of the products we market and sell or adversely impact consumer demand. Any of these factors could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
may not be able to timely identify or otherwise effectively respond to changing customer preferences, and we may fail to optimize
our product offering and inventory position. 

The
market for nutritional products in China is rapidly evolving and is subject to rapidly changing customer preferences that are
difficult to predict. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and identify customer preferences and adapt our product
selection to meet these preferences. In particular, we must optimize our product selection and inventory positions based on sales
trends. We cannot provide assurance that our product selection will accurately reflect customer preferences at any given time.
If we fail to accurately anticipate either the market for our products or customers purchasing habits or fail to respond
to customers changing preferences promptly and effectively, we may not be able to adapt our product selection to customer
preferences or make appropriate adjustments to our inventory positions, which could significantly reduce our revenue and have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
market a relatively few nutritional products from a limited number of manufacturers. 

We
currently mainly offer a limited number of nutritional and health products from a limited number of manufacturers. Unless we are
able to significantly increase the number of nutritional and other products we market and sell and the number of manufacturers
who distribute their products through our distribution channel, we will be unable to increase our revenues. 

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and our business may be
severely disrupted if we lose their services. 

We
currently depend on the continued services and performance of the key members of our management team, in particular Mr. Quanzhong
Lin, our President and Chief Executive Officer CEO ). Mr. Lin is our founder and his leadership has played an integral
role in our growth. Our future success depends substantially on the continued efforts of our executive officers and key employees.
If one or more of our executive officers or key employees were unable or unwilling to continue their service, we might not be
able to replace them easily, in a timely manner, or at all, and our business may be severely disrupted, our financial conditions
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and
retain personnel. 

Our
key executive does not devote full time to our operations . 

Mr.
Quanzhong Lin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is involved in a number of businesses and does not devote all of his
working time to our operations. Our positive reputation is derived from Mr. Lin s business success and standing in the community.
If Mr. Lin does not devote sufficient attention to our business, our operations could suffer and our financial conditions and
results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If Mr. Lin s other businesses should fail or if his reputation
in the community should be impaired, our business could suffer and our financial conditions and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

Some
of the other businesses operated by Mr. Lin or his affiliates may be deemed competitors of ours. 

Mr.
Quanzhong Lin is engaged in other businesses, such as the operation of retail pharmacies and internet marketing, which distribute
products which may be deemed competitive with products we distribute. Should such businesses prove more successful than ours,
Mr. Lin could choose to focus his attention on such business which could cause him to fail to devote sufficient attention to our
business, our operations could suffer and our financial conditions and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected 

11 

Our
principal shareholder is not familiar with American business practices. 

Mr.
Quanzhong Lin, our founder and principal shareholder, is a citizen of the PRC and an active entrepreneur in Chengdu. Mr. Lin is
not familiar with American business practices and is heavily influenced by the business culture in the PRC. Certain governmental
entities pay bonuses or subsidies to individuals in China whose companies become publicly traded in America and there is a certain
level of respect and prestige associated with being the Chinese principal of a company which is publicly traded in the U.S. Mr.
Lin s motivation for causing the business of AiXinZhongdong to become a part of a U.S. publicly-traded company may differ
from those of American entrepreneurs and his values may cause him to operate the business differently than would an American entrepreneur. 

If
we are unable to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, particularly
management, technical and marketing personnel with expertise in nutritional products. Our sales and customer service teams are
critical to maintaining the quality of our services as they frequently interact with our clients. We must continue to attract
qualified personnel at a fast pace to increase the number of our clients and products we distribute. As we are still a relatively
young company, our ability to train and integrate new employees into our operations may not meet the growing demands of our business.
If we are unable to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our ability to obtain financing, may be adversely affected
by the downturn in the global or Chinese economy. 

It
is unclear whether the Chinese economy will resume its high growth rate after the impact of Covid-19 dissipates. There is considerable
uncertainty over the long-term effects of the expansionary monetary and fiscal policies that have been adopted by the central
banks and financial authorities of some of the world s leading economies, including the United States. Economic conditions
in China are sensitive to global economic conditions, as well as changes in domestic economic and political policies and the expected
or perceived overall economic growth rate in China. 

The
sale of nutritional products may be affected by economic downturns. Our products may be viewed as discretionary by our clients,
who may choose to discontinue or reduce spending on such products during an economic downturn. In such an event, our ability to
retain existing clients and increase or maintain our sales will be adversely affected, which would in turn negatively impact our
business and results of operations. 

Moreover,
a slowdown or disruption in the global or China s economy may have a material and adverse impact on financing available
to us. There is a risk that our business, results of operations and prospects would be materially and adversely affected by any
global economic downturn or disruption or slowdown of China s economy. 

Future
strategic alliances or acquisitions may have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations. 

We
may in the future enter into strategic alliances with various third parties to further our business purposes from time to time.
Strategic alliances with third parties could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary
information, non-performance by the counter-party, and an increase in expenses incurred in establishing new strategic alliances,
any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, to the extent the strategic partner suffers negative
publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to
our reputation by virtue of our association with such third parties, and we may have little ability to control or monitor their
actions. 

12 

In
addition, although we have no current acquisition plans, if we are presented with appropriate opportunities, we may acquire additional
assets, products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our existing business, including businesses that are owned
or controlled by Mr. Lin or his affiliates. Future acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into
our own would require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing
business, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate
the financial results we expect. Furthermore, acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash, potentially
dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for
other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying
and consummating acquisitions may be significant. In addition to possible shareholders approval, we may also have to obtain
approvals and licenses from the relevant government authorities in the PRC for the acquisitions and to comply with any applicable
PRC laws and regulations, which could result in increased costs and delay. 

If
we or our PRC subsidiaries acquire any domestic companies in China, such acquisition will be subject to PRC laws and regulations
on foreign investment. We and our PRC subsidiaries are restricted or prohibited from directly acquiring interests in companies
in certain industries under PRC laws and regulations. Our consolidated affiliated entities outside of the PRC are not subject
to PRC laws and regulations on foreign investment and may acquire PRC companies operating in industries where foreign investments
are restricted or prohibited. However, there are uncertainties with respect to the interpretation and application of PRC laws
and regulations regarding indirect foreign investments in such industries. 

We
have limited business insurance coverage. 

Insurance
companies in China currently do not offer as extensive an array of insurance products as insurance companies do in more developed
economies. We do not have any business liability or disruption insurance to cover our operations. We have determined that the
costs of insuring for these risks and the difficulties associated with acquiring such insurance on commercially reasonable terms
make it impractical for us to have such insurance. Any uninsured occurrence of business disruption may result in our incurring
substantial costs and the diversion of resources, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Risks
Related to Doing Business in China 

The
PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we must conduct our business activities. 

The
PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy
through regulation and state ownership. Our ability to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations,
including those relating to taxation, import and export tariffs, environmental regulations, land use rights, property and other
matters. We believe our operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
However, the central or local governments of the jurisdictions in which we operate may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations
of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such
regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support
recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation
of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof. 

In
addition, the PRC government, through its various government agencies and industry associations, is accumulating vast amounts
of data into huge data bases intended to enable it to tighten control over its residents. As a result of a social credit system
designed by the PRC government to reward or punish business enterprises, foreign and domestic, in the conduct of their activities
within the PRC, the PRC government is capable of exerting enormous influence over those business enterprises, which could adversely
affect their results of operations and financial condition. 

13 

Uncertainties
in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

The
PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Unlike common law systems, it is a system in which legal cases have limited value
as precedents. In the late 1970s, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of laws and regulations governing
economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the past three decades has significantly increased the protections
afforded to various forms of foreign or private-sector investment in China. Our PRC subsidiary is subject to laws and regulations
applicable to various PRC laws and regulations generally applicable to companies in China. However, since these laws and regulations
are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules
are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involve uncertainties. 

From
time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our legal rights. However, since PRC administrative
and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be
more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than
in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules
(some of which are not published in a timely manner or at all) that may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware
of our violation of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over
the scope and effect of our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure to
respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect our business and impede our ability
to continue our operations. 

Changes
in China s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a material adverse effect on our business
and operations. 

All
of our assets and clients are in China. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may
be influenced to a significant degree by political, economic and social conditions in China generally and by continued economic
growth in China as a whole. 

China s
economy differs from the economies of most developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement,
level of development, growth rate, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented
measures since the late 1970s emphasizing the utilization of market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership
of productive assets, and the establishment of improved corporate governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of
productive assets in China is still owned by the PRC government. In addition, the PRC government continues to play a significant
role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government also exercises significant control
over the PRC economic growth through allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated obligations, setting
monetary policy, and providing preferential treatment to particular industries or companies. 

While
China s economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and
among various sectors of the economy, and may slow down in the future. Some of the government measures may benefit the overall
Chinese economy but, may have a negative effect on us. For example, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations. Any stimulus measures designed to boost
the Chinese economy may contribute to higher inflation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
For example, certain operating costs and expenses, such as employee compensation and office operating expenses, may increase as
a result of higher inflation. 

14 

As
exemplified by the outbreak of Covid-19, natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, and other catastrophic events
or other events outside of our control may adversely impact our business, the welfare of our customers or the operations of third
parties on which we depend and could impact consumer spending. 

Our
business and operating results are subject to, and can suffer from, the adverse effects of natural disasters, such as earthquakes,
tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics, political crises,
such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control. Such conditions can also
impact the facilities and business operations of our suppliers, third-party service providers or customers which, in turn, could
adversely affect our business operations. Moreover, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted
regions or depending upon the severity, globally, which could adversely impact our operating results. For example, in December
2019, an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, COVID-19, emerged in Wuhan, China. Within weeks, despite efforts to contain
the virus in China that included widespread shutdowns of cities and businesses, the number of those infected grew significantly,
and beyond China s borders. The spread of the virus has adversely affected businesses, supply chains, business travel, commodity
prices, consumer confidence and business sentiment throughout China and elsewhere. At this point, the full extent to which the
coronavirus may impact our results remains uncertain. 

If
relations between the United States and China worsen, investors may be unwilling to hold or buy our stock and our stock price
may decrease, and the Chinese economy may be negatively impacted. 

At
various times during recent years, the United States U.S. and China have had significant disagreements over political
and economic issues. Most recently, a dispute has erupted over the outbreak of COVID-19 in Wuhan, China, and the initial disclosures
made by the Chinese government with respect to the outbreak. Controversies may arise in the future between these two countries.
Any political or trade controversies between the United States and China, whether or not directly related to our business, could
reduce the price of our common stock. 

The
outbreak of Covid-19 has caused many politicians in the United States to question its dependence upon China as a source of certain
products. Were the United States to adopt a policy intended to establish sources for certain products in the United States or
otherwise outside of China, it could negatively impact the Chinese economy and demand for our products. 

The
slowing economic growth in China may assert a negative impact on our operation and financial results. 

After
experiencing rapid growth for more than a decade, China s economy has been hit by shrinking foreign and domestic demand,
weak investment, factory overcapacity and oversupply in the property market, and has experienced a painful slowdown in the last
two years, exacerbated by the outbreak of Covid-19. As the government tries to shift the growth engine away from manufacturing
and debt-fueled investment toward the services sector and consumer spending, the outlook of the Chinese economy is uncertain. 

It
is not possible to anticipate whether China s economic will resume its rapid growth rate or remain stagnant as a result
of the Coronavirus pandemic or when the impact of the Coranavirus dissipates. If China s economy fails to grow as previously
expected, it may negatively affect our business operations and financial results. 

Under
the EIT Law, we may be classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. Such classification
would likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders and have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, or the EIT Law, that became effective on January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside
the PRC with de facto management bodies within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise for PRC
enterprise income tax purposes and is generally subject to a uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. Under
the implementation rules to the EIT Law, a de facto management body is defined as a body that has material and overall
management and control over the manufacturing and business operations, personnel and human resources, finances and properties
of an enterprise. In addition, a circular, known as SAT Circular 82, issued in April 2009 and amended in January 2014 by the State
Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, specifies that certain offshore incorporated enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises
or PRC enterprise groups will be classified as PRC resident enterprises if the following are located or resident in the PRC: senior
management personnel and departments that are responsible for daily production, operation and management; financial and personnel
decision making bodies; key properties, accounting books, company seal, and minutes of board meetings and shareholders 
meetings; and half or more of the senior management or directors having voting rights. Further to SAT Circular 82, the SAT issued
a bulletin, known as SAT Bulletin 45, which took effect in September 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation of SAT
Circular 82 and clarify the reporting and filing obligations of such Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated resident
enterprises. SAT Bulletin 45 provides procedures and administrative details for the determination of resident status and
administration on post-determination matters. Although both SAT Circular 82 and SAT Bulletin 45 only apply to offshore enterprises
controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreign individuals, the determining
criteria set forth in SAT Circular 82 and SAT Bulletin 45 may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto
management body test should be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless of whether
they are controlled by PRC enterprises, PRC enterprise groups or by PRC or foreign individuals. 

15 

We
are subject to the 25 enterprise income tax. However, since all of our activities are in China, we do not believe AiXinZhonghong
or our Company meet all of the conditions to be classified as a PRC resident enterprise., However, if we engage in activities
outside of Mainland China, the PRC tax authorities may classify AiXinZhonghong or our company as a PRC resident enterprise, which
would result in a number of unfavorable PRC tax consequences. First, we or our offshore subsidiaries will be subject to the uniform
25 enterprise income tax on our world-wide income, which could materially reduce our net income. In addition, we will also be
subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. 

Furthermore,
although dividends paid by one PRC tax resident enterprise to an offshore incorporated PRC resident enterprise controlled by PRC
enterprises or PRC enterprise groups should qualify as tax-exempt income under the EIT Law and Bulletin 45, we cannot
assure you that dividends paid by our PRC subsidiary to AiXin HK will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign
exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax on dividends, and the PRC tax authorities have not yet issued
guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise
income tax purposes but not controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups. 

Finally,
dividends payable by us to our investors and gains on the sale of our shares may be become subject to PRC withholding tax. 

We
may not be able to obtain certain benefits under the relevant tax treaty on dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries to us through
AiXin HK. 

We
are a holding company incorporated under the laws of Colorado and as such rely on dividends and other distributions on equity
from our PRC subsidiaries to satisfy part of our liquidity requirements. Pursuant to the EIT Law, a withholding tax rate of 10 
currently applies to dividends paid by a PRC resident enterprise to a foreign enterprise investor, unless any such
foreign investor s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for preferential tax treatment.
Pursuant to a Notice 112 issued by the SAT in January 2008 and the Arrangement between the Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, or the Double Taxation Arrangement
(Hong Kong), such withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if the PRC enterprise is at least 25 held by a Hong Kong enterprise
at all times within the 12-month period immediately prior to distribution of the dividends and is determined by the relevant PRC
tax authority to have satisfied other conditions and requirements under the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement (Hong Kong) and other
applicable PRC laws. Pursuant to a SAT Circular 601 issued by the SAT in October 2009, non-resident enterprises that cannot provide
valid supporting documents as beneficial owners may not be approved to enjoy tax treaty benefits, and beneficial
owners refers to individuals, enterprises or other organizations which are normally engaged in substantive operations.
These rules also set forth certain adverse factors on the recognition of a beneficial owner . Specifically, they
expressly exclude a conduit company, or any company established for the purposes of avoiding or reducing tax obligations
or transferring or accumulating profits and not engaged in actual operations such as manufacturing, sales or management, from
being a beneficial owner. Whether a non-resident company may obtain tax benefits under the relevant tax treaty will
be subject to approval of the relevant PRC tax authority and will be determined by the PRC tax authority on a case-by-case basis.
In June 2012, the SAT further provides in an announcement that a comprehensive analysis should be made when determining the beneficial
owner status based on various factors supported by documents including the articles of association, financial statements, records
of cash movements, board meeting minutes, board resolutions, staffing and materials, relevant expenditures, functions and risk
assumption as well as relevant contracts and other information. Our Hong Kong subsidiary has not applied for the approval for
a withholding tax rate of 5 from the local tax authority as our PRC subsidiaries have not paid dividends due to their loss-making
status in the past and will not be able to pay dividends in the future until they have achieved accumulated profits.We plan to
have our Hong Kong subsidiary assume some managerial and administrative functions, as well as conduct other business functions
in the future. Once we implement such a plan, we do not believe that our Hong Kong subsidiary will be considered a conduit company
as defined under SAT Circular 601. However, our Hong Kong subsidiary as currently situated may be considered a conduit company
and we cannot assure you that the relevant PRC tax authority will agree with our view when our Hong Kong subsidiary applies to
obtain tax benefits under the relevant tax treaty in the future. As a result, although our PRC subsidiary is currently wholly
owned by our Hong Kong subsidiary, we may not be able to enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation
Arrangement (Hong Kong) and therefore be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 10 with respect to dividends to be paid by our
PRC subsidiary to AiXin HK. 

16 

Enhanced
scrutiny over acquisition transactions by the PRC tax authorities may have a negative impact on potential acquisitions we may
pursue in the future. 

In
connection with the EIT Law, the Ministry of Finance and the SAT jointly issued a SAT Circular 59 in April 2009, and the SAT issued
a SAT Circular 698 in December 2009. Both SAT Circular 59 and Circular 698 became effective retroactively on January 1, 2008. 

According
to SAT Circular 698, where a non-resident enterprise transfers the equity interests of a PRC resident enterprise 
indirectly by disposition of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, or an Indirect Transfer, and the overseas holding
company is located in a tax jurisdiction that: (1) has an effective tax rate less than 12.5 or (2) does not tax foreign income
of its residents, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, must report to the relevant tax authority of the PRC resident
enterprise this Indirect Transfer. Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard
the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose
of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result, gains derived from such Indirect Transfer may be subject to PRC withholding
tax at up to 10 . SAT Circular 698 also provides that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a
PRC resident enterprise to its related parties at a price lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority
has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable income of the transaction. In addition, the PRC resident enterprise 
is supposed to provide necessary assistance to support the enforcement of SAT Circular 698. 

There
is little guidance and practical experience as to the application of SAT Circular 698, and it is possible that the PRC tax authorities
would pursue our offshore shareholders to conduct a filing regarding our offshore restructuring transactions where non-resident
investors were involved and would request our PRC subsidiary to assist in providing such disclosures. In addition, if our offshore
subsidiaries are deemed to lack substance they could be disregarded by the PRC tax authorities. As a result, we and our non-resident
investors may become at risk of being taxed under SAT Circular 698 and may be required to expend valuable resources to comply
with SAT Circular 698 or to establish that we should not be taxed under SAT Circular 698, which may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations or the non-resident investors investments in us. 

By
promulgating and implementing these circulars, the PRC tax authorities have enhanced their scrutiny over the direct or indirect
transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by a non-resident enterprise. The PRC tax authorities have the discretion
under SAT Circular 59 and SAT Circular 698 to make adjustments to the taxable capital gains based on the difference between the
fair value of the equity interests transferred and the cost of investment. Although we currently have no confirmed plans to pursue
any acquisitions in China or elsewhere in the world, we may pursue acquisitions in the future that may involve complex corporate
structures. If we are considered a non-resident enterprise under the EIT Law and if the PRC tax authorities make adjustments under
SAT Circular 59 or SAT Circular 698, our income tax costs associated with such potential acquisitions will be increased, which
may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

PRC
regulations establish complex procedures for some acquisitions of PRC companies by foreign investors, which could make it more
difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions in China. 

Six
PRC regulatory agencies promulgated regulations effective on September 8, 2006 that are commonly referred to as the M A Rules.
The M A Rules establish procedures and requirements that could make some acquisitions of PRC companies by foreign investors
more time-consuming and complex, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance
of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, national
security review rules issued by the PRC governmental authorities in 2011 require acquisitions by foreign investors of domestic
companies engaged in military-related or certain other industries that are crucial to national security to be subject to prior
security review. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law requires that the Ministry of Commerce shall be notified in advance of any concentration
of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. We may expand our business in part by acquiring complementary businesses.
Complying with the requirements of the M A Rules, security review rules and other PRC regulations to complete such transactions
could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining approval from the Ministry of Commerce, may
delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect our ability to expand our business or maintain
our market share. 

PRC
regulations relating to offshore investment activities by PRC residents may limit our PRC subsidiaries ability to increase
their registered capital or distribute profits to us, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC subsidiaries, or otherwise
expose us to liability and penalties under PRC law. 

The
PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE, promulgated in October 2005 a SAFE Circular 75 that requires PRC citizens
or residents to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity
established for the purpose of overseas equity financing involving a roundtrip investment whereby the offshore entity acquires
or controls onshore assets or equity interests held by the PRC citizens or residents. In addition, such PRC citizens or residents
must update their SAFE registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to increases
or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, mergers or divisions, long-term equity or debt investments,
external guarantees, or other material events that do not involve roundtrip investments. Subsequent regulations further clarified
that PRC subsidiaries of an offshore company governed by the SAFE regulations are required to coordinate and supervise the filing
of SAFE registrations in a timely manner by the offshore holding company s shareholders who are PRC citizens or residents.
If these shareholders fail to comply, the PRC subsidiaries are required to report to the local SAFE branches. If our shareholders
who are PRC citizens or residents do not complete their registration with the local SAFE branches, our PRC subsidiary may be prohibited
from distributing its profits and proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted
in our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiary. Moreover, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration
requirements described above could result in liabilities for our PRC subsidiary under PRC laws for evasion of applicable foreign
exchange restrictions, including (1) the requirement by SAFE to return the foreign exchange remitted overseas within a period
specified by SAFE, with a fine of up to 30 of the total amount of foreign exchange remitted overseas and deemed to have been
evasive and (2) in circumstances involving serious violations, a fine of no less than 30 of and up to the total amount of remitted
foreign exchange deemed evasive. Furthermore, the persons-in-charge and other persons at our PRC subsidiary who are held directly
liable for the violations may be subject to criminal sanctions. 

These
foreign exchange regulations provide that PRC residents include both PRC citizens, meaning any individual who holds a PRC passport
or resident identification card, and individuals who are non-PRC citizens but primarily reside in the PRC due to their economic
ties to the PRC. We have requested PRC residents holding direct or indirect interest in our company to our knowledge to make the
necessary applications, filings and amendments as required under SAFE Circular 75 and other related rules. However, we cannot
assure you that all of our shareholders who are PRC citizens and hold interests in us have registered with the local SAFE branch
as required under SAFE Circular 75. In addition, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents holding direct
or indirect interest in our company, and we cannot provide any assurances that these PRC residents will comply with our request
to make or obtain any applicable registrations or comply with other requirements required by SAFE Circular 75 or other related
rules. A failure by our PRC resident shareholders or future PRC resident shareholders to comply with the SAFE regulations, if
SAFE requires it, could subject us to fines or other legal sanctions, restrict our cross-border investment activities, limit our
PRC subsidiary s ability to make distributions or pay dividends or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely
affect our business and prospects. 

18 

Furthermore,
it is unclear how these regulations, and any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions, will be interpreted,
amended and implemented by the relevant government authorities. We cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business
operations or future strategy. For example, we may be subject to a more stringent review and approval process with respect to
our foreign exchange activities, such as remittance of dividends and foreign-currency-denominated borrowings, which may adversely
affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we decide to acquire a PRC domestic company, either
we or the owners of such company, as the case may be, may not be able to obtain the necessary approvals or complete the necessary
filings and registrations required by the foreign exchange regulations. This may restrict our ability to implement our acquisition
strategy and could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Substantially
all of our revenues and expenditures are denominated in RMB. As the functional currency for our PRC subsidiary and consolidated
affiliated entities is RMB, fluctuations in the exchange rate may cause us to incur foreign exchange losses on any foreign currency
holdings they may have. If we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on
our ordinary shares or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the RMB would have a negative effect
on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. 

The
value of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by, among other things, changes in China s
political and economic conditions and China s foreign exchange policies. On July 21, 2005, the PRC government changed its
decade-old policy of pegging the value of the RMB to the U.S. dollar, and the Renminbi appreciated more than 20 against the U.S.
dollar over the following three years. It is difficult to predict how long the current situation may last and when and how it
may change again. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a substantial liberalization
of its currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation in the value of the Renminbi against
the U.S. dollar. Significant revaluation of the Renminbi may have a material and adverse effect on your investment. For example,
to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from securities offerings outside of China into Renminbi for our
operations, appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would
receive from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments
for dividends on our common stock or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have
a negative effect on the U.S. dollar amount available to us. In August 2015, the PRC Government devalued its currency by approximately
3 , representing the largest yuan depreciation in 20 years. Concerns remain that China s slowing economy, and in particular
its exports, will need a stimulus that can only come from further cuts in the exchange rate. 

Recently,
as part of the trade war between the two countries, the United States imposed tariffs on a large number of products exported from
China to the United States. Subsequently, the RMB depreciated relative to the U. S. dollar causing the United States to consider
what further actions it could take to address the situation. 

Appreciation
or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative to the U.S. dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar
terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business or results of operations. The income statements of our operations
are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period. To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens
against foreign currencies, the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue, operating
expenses and net income for our international operations. Similarly, to the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions results in increased revenue, operating expenses and net income
for our international operations. We are also exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as we convert the financial statements
of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars in consolidation. If there is a change in foreign currency exchange rates, the conversion
of the foreign subsidiaries financial statements into U.S. dollars will lead to a translation gain or loss, which is recorded
as a component of other comprehensive income. Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce our exposure
to exchange rate fluctuations. To date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions
in the future, the availability and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully
hedge our exposure at all. 

19 

Fluctuation
in the value of RMB may have a material adverse effect on your investment. 

The
value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in political
and economic conditions. Our revenues, costs, and financial assets are denominated in RMB, while our reporting currency is the
U.S. dollar. Accordingly, this may result in gains or losses from currency translation on our financial statements. We rely entirely
on dividends from our operating subsidiary in China. Therefore, any significant fluctuation in the value of RMB may materially
and adversely affect our cash flows, revenues, earnings, financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our
stock in U.S. dollars. For example, an appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would, to the extent that we need to convert
U.S. dollars into RMB for such purposes, make any new RMB denominated investments or expenditures more costly to us. An appreciation
of RMB against the U.S. dollar would result in foreign currency translation gains for financial reporting purposes when we translate
our RMB denominated financial assets into U.S. dollars, as the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency. 

Dividends
we receive from our subsidiaries located in the PRC may be subject to PRC withholding tax. 

The
EIT Law provides that a maximum income tax of 20 is applicable to dividends payable to non-PRC investors that are non-resident
enterprises, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. However, the State Council has reduced
such rate to ten percent (10 through the implementation regulations. We are a Colorado holding company and all of our income
is derived from our AiXinZhonghong subsidiary located in the PRC. Therefore, dividends paid to us from China may be subject to
the 10 income tax if we are considered a non-resident enterprise under the EIT Law. If we are required under the
EIT Law and its implementation regulations to pay income tax for any dividends we receive from our PRC subsidiaries, it may have
a material and adverse effect on our net income and materially reduce the amount of dividends, if any, we may pay to our shareholders. 

We
may be exposed to liabilities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Chinese anti-corruption laws, and any determination
that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business . 

We
are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practice Act, or FCPA, and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments
to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by U.S. persons and issuers as defined by the statute, for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have operations, agreements with third parties and we make the majority of our
sales in China. PRC also strictly prohibits bribery of government officials. Our activities in China create the risk of unauthorized
payments or offers of payments by the employees, consultants, sales agents or distributors of our Company, even though they may
not always be subject to our control. It is our policy to implement safeguards to discourage these practices by our employees.
However, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective, and the employees, consultants,
sales agents or distributors of our Company may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA
or Chinese anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities,
which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the U.S. government may seek
to hold our Company liable for successor liability FCPA violations committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquire. 

Uncertainties
with respect to the PRC legal system could limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

We
conduct all of our business through AiXinZhonghong, our subsidiary in the PRC. AiXinZhonghong is subject to laws and regulations
applicable to foreign investments in China and, in particular, laws applicable to foreign-invested enterprises. The PRC legal
system is based on written statutes, and prior court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value.
Since 1979, a series of new PRC laws and regulations have significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of
foreign investments in China. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws,
regulations and rules are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which
may limit legal protections available to you and us. In addition, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources and management attention. In addition, all of our executive officers and all of our directors
are residents of China and not of the U.S., and substantially all the assets of these persons are located outside the U.S. As
a result, it could be difficult for investors to effect service of process in the U.S. or to enforce a judgment obtained in the
U.S. against our Chinese operations, subsidiary and affiliate. 

20 

You
may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. 

We
are a Colorado holding company, but AiXin BVI is a British Virgin Islands corporation, AiXin HK is a Hong Kong company, and our
operating subsidiary AiXinZhonghong, is located in the PRC. Virtually all of our assets are located outside the U.S. and all of
our current operations are conducted in the PRC. In addition, all of our directors and officers, with the exception of our newest
director, Christopher Lee, are residents of China. Substantially all of the assets of these persons are located outside the U.S.
As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect service of process within the U.S. upon these persons. It may also be difficult
for you to enforce in U.S. courts judgments predicated on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against
us and our officers and directors. In addition, there is uncertainty as to whether the courts of the PRC would recognize or enforce
judgments of U.S. courts. The recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments are provided for under the PRC Civil Procedures
Law. Courts in China may recognize and enforce foreign judgments in accordance with the requirements of the PRC Civil Procedures
Law based on treaties between China and the country where the judgment is made or on reciprocity between jurisdictions. China
does not have any treaties or other arrangements that provide for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments
with the U.S. In addition, according to the PRC Civil Procedures Law, courts in the PRC will not enforce a foreign judgment against
us or our directors and officers if they decide that the judgment violates basic principles of PRC law or national sovereignty,
security or the public interest. So it is uncertain whether a PRC court would enforce a judgment rendered by a court in the U.S. 

Future
inflation in China may inhibit our ability to conduct business in China . 

In
recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and highly fluctuating rates of inflation. During
the past ten years, the rate of inflation in China has been as high as 20.7 and as low as -2.2 . These factors have led to the
adoption by the Chinese government, from time to time, of various corrective measures designed to restrict the availability of
credit or regulate growth and contain inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the Chinese government to impose controls
on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in China, and thereby harm the market
for our products and our company. 

Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock and Our Status as a Public Company 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQX which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity . 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQX under the symbol AXIN . The trading market for securities of companies quoted on
OTCQX or other quotation systems is substantially less liquid than the average trading market for companies listed on a national
securities exchange. The quotation of our shares on OTCQX may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential
stockholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the market price of our common stock and could have a long-term
adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer who is our principal stockholder has substantial influence over our Company, and his interests may not
be aligned with the interests of our other stockholders. 

Quanzhong
Lin, our President and Chief Executive Officer, owns substantially in excess of a majority of our outstanding shares. As a result,
Mr. Lin has significant influence over our business, including decisions regarding acquisitions, mergers, consolidations, the
sale of all or substantially all of our assets, election of directors and other significant corporate actions, including potential
transactions in which he may have a conflict of interest. As a result of this concentration of ownership, you and our other stockholders,
acting alone, may not have the ability to determine the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election
of our directors or significant corporate transactions. In addition, this concentration of ownership, which is not subject to
any voting restrictions, may discourage, delay or thwart efforts by third parties to take-over or effect a change in control of
our company which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares as part of a sale of
our company, and may limit the price that investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

21 

Our
management is not familiar with the United States securities laws. 

Our
management, with the exception of our newest Director, Christopher Lee, is generally unfamiliar with the requirements of the U.S.
securities laws and may not appreciate the need to devote the resources necessary to comply with such laws. A failure to adequately
respond to applicable securities laws could lead to investigations by the SEC and other regulatory authorities that could be costly,
divert management s attention and disrupt our business. 

Our
accounting personnel who are primarily responsible for the preparation and supervision of the preparation of our financial statements
under generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. have had no education or training in U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations
pertaining to financial reporting, which could impact our ability to prepare our financial statements and convert our books and
records to U.S. GAAP. 

We
maintain our books and records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the PRC, or PRC GAAP. Our accounting
personnel in the PRC who have the primary responsibilities of preparing and supervising the preparation of financial statements
under U.S. GAAP have had no education or training in U.S. GAAP and related SEC rules and regulations. As such, they may be unable
to identify potential accounting and disclosure issues that may arise upon the conversion of our books and records from PRC GAAP
to U.S. GAAP, which could affect our ability to prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We have taken steps
to ensure that our financial statements are in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including our hiring of a U.S. accounting firm to work
with our PRC accounting personnel and management to convert our books and records to U.S. GAAP and prepare our financial statements.
However, the measures we have taken may not be sufficient to mitigate the foregoing risks. Furthermore, the need to comply with
U.S. GAAP may require us to expend substantial amounts of resources and time that could divert our management s attention
and disrupt our business. 

We
will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to new compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, and we
may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these requirements. 

As
a public company we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act ), together with rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable market regulators. These
rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. These rules will increase our legal
and financial costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 

PRC
companies have historically not adopted a Western style of management and financial reporting concepts and practices, which include
strong corporate governance, internal controls and, computer, financial and other control systems. Most of our middle and top
management staff are not educated and trained in the Western system, and we may have difficulty hiring new employees in the PRC
with such training. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial
controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting
business practices that meet Western standards. 

The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure
controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over
financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Compliance with Section 404 may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses
and expend significant management efforts. When we completed the acquisition of AiXin BVI, we adopted the financial reporting
controls and disclosure controls and procedures of AiXinZhonghong. The financial controls and disclosure controls and procedures
of AiXinZhonghong are not adequate for a public company. Among others weaknesses, the lack of familiarity of our accounting staff
with U.S. GAAP constitutes a material weakness in our controls for financial reporting. We have taken steps to rectify this weakness,
including hiring a U.S. accounting firm to work with our management and accounting personnel. There is no assurance, however,
that the steps taken to date will be sufficient to rectify this material weakness. In the event that we fail to remedy the weaknesses
in our controls over financial reporting and adopt appropriate disclosure controls and procedures, our financial reporting may
be deficient and we may fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act and other U.S. securities
laws, in which event, the market price of our common stock could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability
of our financial statements and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other applicable regulatory authorities. 

22 

If
we become directly subject to the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S. publicly-traded Chinese companies,
we may have to expend significant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock
price and reputation and could result in a loss of your investment in our stock, especially if such matter cannot be addressed
and resolved favorably. 

U.S.
public companies that have substantially all of their operations in China, particularly companies that completed reverse merger
transactions, have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity by investors, financial commentators
and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity have focused on financial and
accounting irregularities and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate
governance policies or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism
and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock of many Chinese companies has sharply decreased in value and, in some cases,
has become virtually worthless. Many of these companies are now subject to stockholder lawsuits, SEC enforcement actions and are
conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations. It is not clear what affect this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism
and negative publicity will have on our company, our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable
allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we will have to expend significant resources to investigate
such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will be costly and time consuming and distract our management from
growing our company. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless, our company and business operations will be severely
impacted and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless. 

Techniques
employed by manipulative short sellers in Chinese small-cap stocks may drive down the market price of our common stock. 

Short
selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed from a third party with the
intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from the
difference in the sale price of the borrowed securities and the purchase price of the replacement shares. As it is therefore in
the short seller s best interests for the price of the stock to decline, there have been incidents of short sellers publishing,
or arranging to publish negative opinions in order to create negative market momentum. While traditionally these disclosed shorts
have been limited in their ability to access mainstream business media or to otherwise create negative market rumors, the rise
of the Internet and technological advancements regarding document creation, videotaping and publication by weblog blogging have allowed many disclosed shorts to publicly attack a company s credibility, strategy and veracity by means of so-called
research reports that mimic the type of investment analysis performed by large Wall Street firms and independent research analysts.
These short attacks have, in the past, resulted in the selling of shares in the market, on occasion on a large scale and broad
base. Issuers with business operations based in the PRC, that have limited trading volumes and that are susceptible to higher
volatility levels than U.S. domestic large-cap stocks can be particularly vulnerable to such short attacks. 

These
short seller publications are not regulated by any governmental, self-regulatory organization or other official authority in the
U.S., are not subject to the certification requirements imposed by the SEC in Regulation Analyst Certification and, accordingly,
the opinions they express may be based on distortion of the actual facts or, in some cases, fabrication of the facts. In light
of the limited risks involved in publishing such information, and the enormous profit that can be made from running just one successful
short attack, unless the short sellers become subject to significant penalties, it is more likely than not that disclosed shorts
will continue to issue such reports. 

23 

While
we intend to strongly defend our public filings against any such short seller attacks, oftentimes we are constrained, either by
principles of freedom of speech, applicable state law (often called Anti-SLAPP statutes), or issues of commercial confidentiality,
in the manner in which we can proceed against the relevant short seller. You should be aware that in light of the relative freedom
to operate that such persons enjoy oftentimes blogging from outside the U.S. with little or no assets or identity requirements
 should we be targeted for such an attack and the rumors not dismissed by market participants, our stock will likely suffer
from a temporary, or possibly long term, decline in market price. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. 

We
have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock nor do we anticipate paying any in the foreseeable future. Furthermore,
we expect to retain any future earnings to finance our operations and expansion. The payment of cash dividends in the future will
be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our earnings levels, capital requirements, any restrictive
loan covenants and other factors the Board considers relevant. 

Unless
we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell them. We cannot assure
you that you will be able to sell shares when you desire to do so. 

The
market price of our common stock can become volatile, leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you
may want to sell your holdings. 

The
market price of our common stock can become volatile. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include: 

our
 earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to
 meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors; 

changes
 in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; 

speculation
 about our business in the press or the investment community; 

significant
 developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers; 

stock
 market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industry; 

customer
 demand for our products; 

investor
 perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular; 

the
 operating and stock performance of comparable companies; 

general
 economic conditions and trends; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; 

loss
 of external funding sources; and 

sales
 of our common stock, including sales by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and departures of key personnel. 

24 

Securities
class action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this
type of litigation be instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management s attention
and resources. 

Moreover,
securities markets may from time-to-time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to
the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock
and other interests in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 

If
we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud, as a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reports, which
could harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting. Compliance with
Section 404 requires that we strengthen, assess and test our system of internal controls to provide the basis for our report.
The process of strengthening our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming and requires
significant management attention. We cannot be certain that the measures we undertake will ensure that we will maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Furthermore, if we are able to rapidly grow our business, the
internal controls that we will need will become more complex, and significantly more resources will be required to ensure our
internal controls remain effective. Failure to implement required controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation,
could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. If we discover a material weakness in
our internal controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if the weakness is quickly remedied, could diminish investors 
confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. In addition, non-compliance with Section 404 could subject us
to a variety of administrative sanctions, including the suspension of trading, ineligibility for listing on the OTC Markets, and
the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which would further reduce our stock price. 

There
is no active trading market for our shares of common stock. 

There
is no active trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a regular trading market for our securities will
develop, or that if one develops, that it will be sustained. The trading price of our securities could be subject to wide fluctuations,
in response to announcements by us or others, developments affecting us, and other events or factors. In addition, the stock market
has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years. These fluctuations have had a substantial effect on the
market prices for many companies, often unrelated to the operating performance of such companies, and may adversely affect the
market prices of the securities. Such risks could have an adverse effect on the stock s future liquidity. 

Our
common stock is subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited,
which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as
any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker
or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor
a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

In
order to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information
and investment experience and objectives of the person; and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny
stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable
of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

25 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission
relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the
suitability determination; and (b) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock 
rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common shares and cause a decline in the market value of
our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the
rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to
be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny
stocks. 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock
with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to adversely affect stockholder voting power
and perpetuate the board s control over our company. 

Our
Board of Directors by resolution may authorize the issuance of preferred stock in one or more series with such limitations and
restrictions as it may determine, in its sole discretion, with no further authorization by security holders required for the issuance
of such shares. The Board may determine the specific terms of the preferred stock, including: designations; preferences; conversions
rights; cumulative, relative; participating; and optional or other rights, including: voting rights; qualifications; limitations;
or restrictions of the preferred stock. 

The
issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock
may be issued quickly with terms calculated to discourage, make more difficult, delay or prevent a change in control of our company
or make removal of management more difficult. As a result, the Board of Directors ability to issue preferred stock may
discourage the potential hostile acquirer, possibly resulting in beneficial negotiations. Negotiating with an unfriendly acquirer
may result in terms more favorable to us and our stockholders. Conversely, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect
the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of the common stock. We presently have no plans to issue any
preferred stock. 

We
may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may
dilute our share value. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 950 million shares of common stock. We currently have outstanding 340,198,699
shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common
stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance
of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the
shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 

No
disclosure is required pursuant to this item. 

Item
 2 
 Properties. 

No
disclosure is required pursuant to this item. 

Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business.
However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to
time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. 

26 

Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable 

PART
II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And Issuer Purchases Of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTCQX Best Market under the symbol AIXN. From February 6, 2019 until January 1, 2021,
our common stock was quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol AIXN. From February 1, 2018 to February 5, 2019, our common
stock was quoted on OTC Pink under the symbol AXIN, and prior to February 1, 2018, our common stock was quoted on
OTC Pink under the symbol MCAR. 

There
exists only a limited trading market for our common stock on the OTCQX Best Market tier of the OTC Markets (www.otcmarkets.com)
with limited or no volume. The below table indicates, with respect to our common stock, the range of high and low bid information
for each full quarterly period within the two most recent fiscal years. Over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer
prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Year
 ended December 31, 2019 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 0.01 
 1.00 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.08 
 10.00 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.40 
 4.84 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.65 
 3.50 

Year
 ended December 31, 2020 
 Low 
 High 
 
 First
 Quarter 
 2.40 
 8.20 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 2.49 
 4.00 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 3.12 
 4.00 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 3.00 
 7.89 

Holders 

As
of March 26, 2021, we had in excess of 700 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

Since
inception we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth
of our business, our board of directors will have the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. 

Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, growth, capital requirements, and other factors, which our board of
directors may deem relevant. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

27 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information about the common stock available for issuance under compensatory plans and arrangements
as of December 31, 2020. 

Plan
 Category 
 (a) 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 (b) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options under equity compensation plans 
 (c) 
 Number
of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity Compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in 
 column
(a)) 

Equity
 compensation plan approved by security holders 
 None 
 
 662,500 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 None 
 
 None 

Total 
 None 
 
 662,500 

On
January 10, 2019, we adopted the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan pursuant to which we registered
up to 5,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance and delivery to employees, directors and consultants of the Company as
additional incentives to attract and retain the best available personnel. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

The
SEC has regulations which generally define so-called penny stocks to be equity securities that have a market price
less than 5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exemptions. Our common stock is
a penny stock and is subject to Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act, or the Penny Stock Rule. This rule imposes additional
sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors (generally, individuals with a net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 200,000, or 300,000
together with their spouses). For transactions covered by Rule 15g-9, a broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination
for the purchaser and have received the purchaser s written consent to the transaction prior to sale. As a result, this
rule may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of purchasers to sell any of our
securities in the secondary market, thus possibly making it more difficult for us to raise additional capital. 

For
any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require delivery, prior to any transaction in penny stock, of
a disclosure schedule required by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. Disclosure is also required to be made about sales
commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally,
monthly statements are required to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information
on the limited market in penny stock. 

There
can be no assurance that our common stock will qualify for exemption from the Penny Stock Rule. In any event, even if our common
stock were exempt from the Penny Stock Rule, we would remain subject to Section 15(b)(6) of the Exchange Act, which gives the
SEC the authority to restrict any person from participating in a distribution of penny stock, if the SEC finds that such a restriction
would be in the public interest. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

During
2019 and 2020, we did not have any sales of equity securities in transactions that were not registered under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, that have not been previously reported in a report filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

28 

Item
 6 
 Selected
 Financial Data. 

This
item does not apply to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations. 

The
financial statements contained in this Report as well as the description of our financial results described below, unless otherwise
indicated, principally reflect the status of our business and the results of our operations as of December 31, 2020. During 2020,
economies throughout the world, including that of China, were severely disrupted by the effects of the quarantines, shelter in
place orders, business closures and the reluctance of individuals to leave their homes resulting from the outbreak of the Covid-19
Pandemic. As a company which does business exclusively in Chengdu, a city in Western China, our business has been adversely impacted
by the outbreak of Covid-19 and we cannot forecast with any certainty when the disruptions caused by Covid-19 will no longer affect
our business and the results of our operations. In reading the discussion set forth below, consider the disruption to our operations
that have been caused by and will be caused by the outbreak of Covid-19. 

Overview 

We
market and sell consumer products in China by offering premium-quality nutritional products. We sell the products through our
sales offices, exhibition events we organize and sponsor, and person-to-person marketing. Beginning in 2019, we also began to
provide advertising services to clients which engage us to help distribute their products. The advertising contracts with these
clients require that we market their products for specified time periods through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person
marketing, without specifying the type or number of events. Our business mainly focuses on proactively approaching our customers
such as by hosting events for clients, which we believe is ideally suited to marketing our products and those of our clients for
which we perform advertising services because sales of nutritional products are strengthened by ongoing personal contact and support,
coaching and education among the Company and our clients towards how to achieve a healthy and active lifestyle. 

We
do not independently test products to determine efficacy. Rather we rely upon information we uncover through inquiries in the
community and a review of scientific and other literature. 

During
2017, the Chinese Government worked with the Industrial and Commercial Bureau, Food and Drug Administration, Quality and Technology
Supervision Bureau and Policy Department to crackdown on false advertising, illegal marketing and the distribution of adulterated
products. As a result of this initiative, companies in the industry generally had lower revenues and many distributors ceased
doing business. This campaign resulted in a decrease in our sales for both 2017 and 2018. Our sales recovered somewhat in 2019,
though we have yet to reach the revenue rate achieved in 2016. Although China has reopened most of its economy after a mandatory
lockdown, in response to Covid-19, our product sales have been negatively impacted by the measures taken in Chengdu to restrict
the spread of the virus and we cannot predict with any certainty the volume of revenue we will generate in 2021. 

In
addition to our ongoing operations, we seek to acquire an interest in additional businesses through opportunities found by our
management or presented by persons or firms which desire to take advantage of the perceived advantages of an Exchange Act registered
corporation. We do not restrict our search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and may participate in
a business venture of virtually any kind or nature. 

In
response to the current Covid-19 pandemic, we have implemented the following strategies to cope with the situation. 

1. 
 Import
 more products from the U.S.A. and other countries to diversify our product line. 
 
 2. 
 Explore
 and strengthen our on-line sales capability. 
 
 3. 
 Seek
 more M A business opportunities as some good companies are struggling through the Covid-19 pandemic. 

It
is the goal of our management, in particular, our Chairman, Quanzhong Lin to grow our business and to modify its capital structure
in order to qualify for a listing on NASDAQ or the NYSE-American exchange. As part of this effort, we will continue to seek to
acquire more businesses and to modify our capital structure as necessary to meet the requirements of the exchange to which we
apply for a listing. As part of this effort. on June 8, 2020, Mr. Lin transferred 35,049,685 shares of our common stock to our
Company for cancellation. After the share cancellation, there were 49,999,891 common shares issued and outstanding. 

29 

Below
is our corporate structure: 

AiXin
 Life International, Inc. (a Colorado corporation) 

100 

AiXin
 (BVI) International Group Co., Ltd (BVI) 

100 

HK
 AiXin International Group Co., Limited (HK) AiXin HK 

100 

Chengdu
 AixinZhonghong Biological Technology Co., Ltd (PRC) AiXinZhonghong 

Results
of Operations 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the periods indicated as a percentage of net revenue, certain columns
may not add due to rounding: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019

of Revenue 

of Revenue 
 
 Revenue 
 2,451,055 
 100 
 3,418,208 
 100 
 
 Cost
 of revenue 
 224,675 
 9 
 388,920 
 11 
 
 Gross
 profit 
 2,226,380 
 91 
 3,029,288 
 89 
 
 Operating
 expenses 
 1,431,920 
 58 
 2,269,357 
 66 
 
 Income
 from operations 
 794,460 
 32 
 759,931 
 22 
 
 Non-operating
 income (expenses), net 
 563,178 
 23 
 1,134,554 
 33 
 
 Income
 tax expense 
 340,127 
 14 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 income 
 1,017,511 
 42 
 1,894,485 
 55 

Revenue 

Revenue
was 2,451,055 in 2020, compared to 3,418,208 in 2019, a decrease of 967,153 or 28 . The decrease in revenue was primarily due
to the decrease in products sales in 2020 compared to 2019. The increase in advertising revenue in 2020 partly offset the decrease
in revenue. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold was 224,675 in 2020, compared to 388,920 in 2019, a decrease of 164,245 or 42 . The decrease in our cost of goods
sold is attributable to the decrease in product sales. The cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales was 9 in 2020, compared
to 11 last year. The cost of goods sold as a percentage of product sales in 2020 was higher than that in the last year due to
substantial lower sales volume of certain high margin products. The advertising and marketing services we provide do not require
that we purchase products and thus have no cost of goods. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit was 2,226,380 in 2020, compared to 3,029,288 in 2019, a decrease of 802,908 or 27 . Gross margin was 91 in 2020, compared
to 89 last year. The decrease in our gross profit was mainly due to the decrease in product sales, partly offset by the higher
revenue from advertising services. The increase in our gross margin was mainly due to the fact that there is no cost of goods
sold associated with our advertising services. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 1,431,920 and 2,269,357 for 2020 and 2019, respectively, a decrease of 837,437 or 37 . The decrease in operating
expenses in 2020 was mainly due to the decreases in selling expense and in general and administrative expenses, partly offset
by the increase in stock-based compensation expense. 

30 

The
decrease in selling expense in 2020 was mainly due to writing off deferred travel cost in 2019, a decrease in sales personnel
expenses, and a decrease in depreciation expense as a result of the building disposal in the first quarter of 2019, partly offset
by an increase in lease expenses. 

The
decrease in general administrative expenses in 2020 mainly resulted from a decrease in public company related expenses, a decrease
in administrative personnel expenses, a decrease in depreciation expense as a result of the building disposal, and a decrease
in advertising expenses, partly offset by an increase in lease expense. 

Net
Income 

Our
net income for 2020 and 2019 was 1,017,511 and 1,894,485, respectively, a decrease of 876,974 or 46 . The decrease in 2020
was mainly due to lower revenues, the lack of a tax payable adjustment in 2020, and income tax expense in 2020, partly offset
by the decrease in operating expenses and the increase in interest income from a loan to third party. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
2017, 2018 and 2019, we depended upon advances from our major shareholder and capital raised in private placements to support
our operations. During 2020, we generated 1,613,207 from operations. As of December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents were
 7,676,689, compared to 9,833 as of December 31, 2019. At December 31, 2020, we had working capital of 6,753,486 compared to
 4,815,092 at December 31, 2019. The improvement in our working capital was mainly due to the positive cash flow generated from
operations, investing and financing activities. 

The
following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the years ended December
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

December
 31, 2020 
 December
 31, 2019 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 1,613,207 
 (1,027,165 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 4,085,236 
 (4,142,999 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 1,546,854 
 5,117,686 

Net
cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

For
the year ended December 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was 1,613,207. This was primarily due to our net
income of 1,017,511, adjusted by non-cash related expenses including depreciation of 43,462, provision for bad debt of 13,624,
and stock based compensation of 371,540, and then increased by favorable changes in working capital of 167,070. The favorable
changes in working capital mainly resulted from a decrease in advance to suppliers of 136,479, a decrease in other receivables
and prepaid expenses of 20,003, a decrease in inventory of 6,866, and an increase in taxes payable of 169,734, offset by a
decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of 166,012. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, net cash used in operating activities was 1,027,165. This was primarily due to our net income
of 1,894,485, adjusted by non-cash related expenses including depreciation of 78,524, provision for bad debt of 48,876, stock
based compensation of 70,413, loss from disposal of a building of 32,580, deferred commission of 337,798, and deferred travel
cost of 219,738, non-cash tax payable adjustment of 1,168,377, and then decreased by unfavorable changes in working capital
of 2,541,202. The unfavorable changes in working capital mainly resulted from an increase in advances to suppliers of 281,867
and a decrease in unearned revenue of 2,182,676, offset by an increase in taxes payable of 46,592. 

Net
cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

For
the year ended in December 31, 2020, net cash provided by investing activities was 4,085,237, which was mainly due to the return
of prepayments for acquisitions of 4,087,409, partly offset by purchases of property and equipment of 2,173. 

31 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, net cash used in investing activities was 4,142,999, which was due to the purchase of property
and equipment of 57,903 and prepayments for acquisitions of 4,085,096. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities 

For
the year ended in December 31, 2020, net cash provided by financing activities were advances from related parties of 1,546,854. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2019, net cash provided by financing activities was 5,117,686 which was mainly due to capital contributions
from private offerings of our common stock and a capital contribution from a major shareholder aggregating to 6,276,054, partly
offset by an increase of 1,158,368 in advances to a major shareholder. 

Private
Placements 

To
supplement our cash, in August and October 2019, we completed sales of 12,500,000 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds
of 5,000,000 in private offerings exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, pursuant
to Regulation S. 

Impact
of Inflation 

Our
results of operations may be affected by inflation, particularly rising prices for products and other operating costs if we cannot
pass such increases along to our customers in the form of higher prices for our products and services. Generally, our inventory
turns multiple times per year and we anticipate that we will be able to increase prices on products to reflect increases in the
cost of inventory. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
have no long-term fixed contractual obligations or commitments. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any financial guarantees or other commitments to guarantee the obligations of any third parties. We have
not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholder s equity or that
are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in
assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We do not
have any variable interest in any uncombined entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or
engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

Contingencies 

The
Company s operations are conducted in the PRC and are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically
associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political,
economic and legal environments in China and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected
by changes in PRC government policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and
remittance abroad and rates and methods of taxation, among other things. 

The
Company s sales, purchases and expense transactions in China are denominated in RMB and all of the Company s assets
and liabilities in China are also denominated in RMB. The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies under the current
PRC law. In China, foreign exchange transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions.
Remittances in currencies other than RMB may require certain supporting documentation in order to affect the remittance. 

32 

Significant
Accounting Policies 

While
our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our financial statements, we believe the following accounting
policies are the most critical to aid you in fully understanding and evaluating this management discussion and analysis. 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles US GAAP ).
The functional currency of Aixin is Chinese Renminbi RMB ). The accompanying financial statements
are translated from RMB and presented in U.S. dollars USD ). 

Covid
 19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization announced that infections caused by the coronavirus disease of 2019 COVID-19 had become pandemic. The Government of China has adopted various regulations and orders, including mandatory quarantines, limits
on the number of people that may gather in one location, closing non-essential businesses and travel bans to limit the spread
of the disease. Many of these measures have been relaxed due to the decrease in the prevalence of Covid-19 in China. To date,
our ongoing operations have not been materially adversely affected by the measures taken to limit the spread of the disease
in China, though such measures have impacted our product sales and our ability to timely complete our closing procedures and report
our results of operations on a quarterly basis. 

The
measures adopted by the national government of China and local agencies, as well as the decision by many individuals and businesses
to voluntarily shut down or self-quarantine, have and are expected to continue to have serious adverse impacts on the economy
of China. The likely overall economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will be highly negative to the world s economy. 

Financial
impacts related to COVID-19, including actions taken by us and costs incurred in response to the pandemic, were not material to
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows for year 2020, though they did adversely impact our product sales.
We have implemented procedures to promote employee and customer safety. These measures will not significantly increase our operating
costs. In addition, we cannot predict with certainty what measures may be taken by our suppliers and customers and the impact
these measures may have on our 2021 financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

While
we continue to operate substantially in the normal course, we cannot forecast with any certainty whether and to what degree the
disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will increase, or the extent to which the disruption may materially impact our consolidated
financial position, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated cash flows in fiscal 2020. 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements,
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

Significant
estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, and the reserve
for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company maintains an allowance for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the composition of accounts
receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends and
changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. During the year ended in December 31, 2020 and
2019, bad debt expense was 13,624 and 48,876, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, and 2019, the bad debt allowance was 148,520
and 125,690, respectively. 

33 

Revenue
Recognition 

ASU
No. 2014-09 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), became effective for the Company January
1, 2018. The Company s revenue recognition disclosure reflects its updated accounting policies that are affected by this
new standard. The Company applied the modified retrospective transition method for open contracts for the implementation
of Topic 606. As revenues are and have been primarily from the delivery of health supplements and the performance of related
advertising services, and the Company has no significant post-delivery obligations, this did not result in a material recognition
of revenue on the Company s accompanying consolidated financial statements for the cumulative impact of applying this new
standard. The Company made no adjustments to its previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented
in accordance with its historical accounting practices under Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue
from sales of goods and provision of services under Topic 606 is recognized in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery
of the Company s products and services to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed
 contract(s) with customers that the Company believes is legally enforceable; 

identification
 of performance obligation in the respective contract; 

determination
 of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation
 of the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition
 of revenue only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to each of the Company s revenue categories, is summarized below: 

Revenue
 from sale of goods is recognized when goods are shipped to the customer and no other obligation exits. The Company does not
 provide unconditional return or other concessions to the customer. The Company s sales policy allows for the return
 of unopened products for cash after deducting certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to the product return
 option, the customers have the option of asking for an exchange for products with the same value. 

As
 part of the Company s sales incentive program, the Company occasionally provides free travel to its customers whose
 prepayments to purchase the Company s products reaches a certain amount. There are different travel incentives offered
 to customers based on the amount the received from each customer. The Company records the to-be-provided free travel cost
 when cash is collected from customers as a debit deferred travel cost with corresponding credit to accrued travel cost. Once
 the customer utilizes the travel incentive, the cost of travel is recorded as selling expenses and reduces deferred travel
 cost. 

Sales
revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All of the Company s products
sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of 17 of the gross sales price prior to May 1, 2018, 16 since May 1, 2018 and 13 since
April 1, 2019. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other materials purchased in China. The
Company records VAT payable and VAT receivable net of payments in the financial statements. The VAT tax return is filed offsetting
the payables against the receivables. Sales and purchases are recorded net of VAT collected and paid as the Company acts as an
agent for the government. 

Commencing
in the third quarter of 2019, we generated revenue by providing advertising services. Advertising contracts are signed to establish
the price and advertising services to be provided. Pursuant to the advertising contracts, we provide advertising and marketing
services through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing. We perform a credit assessment of the customer
to assess the collectability of the contract price prior to entering into contracts. Most of the advertisement contracts designated
that the Company perform such advertising services to its clients through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person
marketing during the contracted period, regardless of the number of such events. As such, we estimate that the performance obligation
is satisfied over time during the contracted period and revenue is recognized accordingly 

34 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The
functional currency of the Company is RMB. For financial reporting purposes, RMB is translated into USD as the reporting currency.
Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and expenses are translated
at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the reporting period. 

Translation
adjustments arising from the use of different exchange rates from period to period are included as a component of stockholders 
equity as Accumulated other comprehensive income . Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions
are included in income. There was no significant fluctuation in the exchange rate for the conversion of RMB to USD after the balance
sheet date. 

We
use FASB ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . Comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of net income (loss) and
all changes to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in
capital and distributions to stockholders. Comprehensive loss for 2020 and 2019 consisted of net loss and foreign currency translation
adjustments. 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, as part of its initiative to reduce
complexity in accounting standards. The amendments in the ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020,
including interim periods therein. Early adoption of the standard is permitted, including adoption in interim or annual periods
for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The Company is currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the ASU
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

This
item does not apply to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements And Supplementary Data. 

Our
financial statements appear beginning on page F-1, immediately following the signature page of this report. 

Item
 9 
 Changes
 In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
 9A 
 Controls
 And Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Management
of AiXin Life International, Inc. is responsible for maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures must ensure that
such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial and other required disclosures. 

At
December 31, 2020, an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e)
and 15(d)-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) was carried out under the supervision
and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, they concluded that at December 31, 2020, such disclosure controls and procedures were not effective.
This was due to our limited resources, including the absence of a financial staff with accounting and financial expertise and
knowledge of the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and deficiencies in the design or operation of our internal
control over financial reporting that adversely affected our disclosure controls and that may be considered to be material
weaknesses. 

35 

We
plan, if our revenues continue to increase, to seek to recruit individuals responsible for identifying reportable developments
and to implement procedures designed to remediate the material weakness by focusing additional attention and resources in our
internal accounting functions. However, the material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable remedial
controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating
effectively. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; (iii) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures
of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements would be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because changes
in conditions may occur or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. This evaluation
was based on criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO, Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based upon such assessment, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that due to the
absence of a financial staff with accounting and financial expertise and certain deficiencies in the design or operation of our
internal control over financial reporting, our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31,
2020. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject
to the liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or
after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. The rules of the SEC do not require an attestation of the Management s report by our registered public
accounting firm in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Controls 

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter and fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. Given the limitations of our accounting personnel, we need to take additional steps to ensure that our financial
statements are in accordance with US GAAP. 

Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 

Not
applicable 

36 

PART
III 

Item
 10 
 Directors
 And Executive Officers And Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of all directors and executive officers as of the end of the last fiscal year and
on the date of this report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 
 
 42 
 
 Director,
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Yao-Te
 Wang 
 
 43 
 
 Director

Chang-Ping
 Lin 
 Christopher
 Lee 
 
 43 
 49 
 
 Director 
 Director 
 
 Guolu
 Li 
 
 54 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Quanzhong
Lin has served as a director, President and Chief Executive Officer of our company since February 2, 2017. Mr. Lin is a highly
active entrepreneur in China, and currently serves as Chairman of AiXin Company Group, a diversified company which he founded
in 2008. In addition to Ai Xin Company Group, Mr. Lin has founded a number of companies located in Chengdu City, Sichuan Province,
China, engaged in various types of business, including pharmacies, retail outlets, hotel management services and global tourism. 

In
2009, Mr. Lin founded QingBaiJiangJinWanXiang Daily Necessities store, predecessor to AixinZhonghong Biotechnology Co., Ltd. From
2010 to 2013, Mr. Lin opened branches in Xindu and Xinjin district, officially entering the Chengdu market. 

In
September 2013, Mr. Lin founded Chengdu Aixin E-Commerce Company Ltd., which in the following twelve months opened branches in
cities and counties including Huayuan and Wenjiang district, and Mianyang and Jianyang city. In April, 2015, Aixin E-commerce
Co., Ltd. changed its name to Chengdu AixinZhonghong Biotechnology Co., Ltd., whose shares became listed on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (Ticker Symbol: 207448) in October 2015; and during 2015, AixinZhonghong opened branches in Dujiangyan City, and Chongzhou
City. 

In
June 2014, Mr. Lin founded Chengdu Aixin Investment Co., Ltd. 

From
January, 2016 to March, 2016, Mr. Lin founded Chengdu Aixin International Travel Service Co., Ltd., Hongkong Aixin International
Group Co., Ltd., and Chengdu Aixintang Pharmacy; and during 2016, AixinZhonghong opened branches in Huayang Township, Ziyang City,
Guizhou Province, and Hubei Province. 

Yao-Te
Wang has served as a director of our company since December 12, 2017. Mr. Wang has been the Chief Executive Officer of Ivy
Service Group (China), which is a transnational consultant company in China, since 2015. From January 2016 to June 2016, Mr. Wang
participated in the overall operation planning for Chongqing Cultural Assets and Equity Exchange. From June 2015 to January
2016, Mr. Wang helped with the overall brand strategy development for Swire Group, who merged the biggest baking brand in Southwest
China within more than 150 million RMB. From September 2014 to February 2015, Mr. Wang was the chairman special assistant for
JECUI Health Science Company. From July 2012 to August 2014, Mr. Wang was the Chief Executive Officer of Ivy Service Group (Taipei).
From August 2007 to June 2012, Mr. Wang was an instructor of National Defense University (Taipei), taught International Politics
and Economic Analysis. 

Chang-Ping
Lin was elected a director of our company on January 8, 2020. Mr. Lin has more than twenty years of experience in the financial
services industry in which he has held numerous management level positions. He currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer
of the Taiwan Financial Development Association and operates Bo-Si International Holdings Ltd., a private consulting firm he formed
in January 2018. From January 2016 to January 2018 Mr. Lin served as Marketing Director - Taiwan, for Globalink Securities. From
January 2012 to January 2015 Mr. Lin was affiliated with KGI Securities, last serving as Deputy Manager, Product Management Development.
Mr. Lin received an MS Degree in Public Administration and Policy from Jinan University and a BS from Ling Tung University, Department
of Business Administration. Mr. Lin is an Associate Professor instructing Professional Level and Technical Personnel at Feng Chia
University. He has also lectured in the Data Science Department at Providence University and the Finance Department of Da Yeh
University. 

37 

Christopher
Lee was appointed as a Member of the Board of Directors of the Company on February 5, 2021. Mr. Lee has served as Chief Financial
Officer of Semileds Corporation since September 2015. Mr. Lee joined Semileds Corporation in September 2014 and from November
2014 until his appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Lee was the interim Chief Financial Officer of Semileds Corporation.
Semileds develops, manufactures and sells high performance light emitting diodes and is currently listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market.
Mr. Lee has over 20 years of experience in accounting and finance, including US GAAP, PCAOB standards and SEC rules and regulations.
Mr. Lee was a partner of KEDP CPA Group from August 2009 to June 2011 and a self-employed accountant from July 2011 to August
2014. Mr. Lee holds a BS degree in accounting from Ohio State University and a MS degree in business taxation from Golden Gate
University and is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in the United States. 

Guolu
Li became our Chief Financial Officer on December 12, 2017. Mr. Li is a CPA who has served as managing director and Senior
Accountant at Chengdu Bixin, an accounting firm, since August 2016. From October 2013 to July 2016, Mr. Li was Deputy Financial
Director of Chengdu Geeya Science and Technology Co. (Shenzhen Stock Exchange). From August 2010 to May 2013, he was Senior Auditor
at Sichuan HengKun CPA Co., Ltd. From December 2007 to July 2010, he was Manager of the Audit Department at Sichuan Zhonglian,
an accounting firm. Mr. Li received a Bachelor degree in Engineer Management from China University of Petroleum (Beijing), in
July 1989. 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers and directors. 

Directors
hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers
are elected by the board of directors and hold office until the earliest of their death, resignation or removal from office. 

Board
Meetings; Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

The
Board does not have a policy requiring separation of the roles of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. The Board
has determined that having Mr. Lin serve as Chairman is in the best interests of our stockholders at this time because of his
in-depth knowledge of our businesses and his familiarity with our customers and clients. 

The
Board of Directors as a whole is responsible for consideration and oversight of the risks we face and is responsible for ensuring
that material risks are identified and managed appropriately. Certain risks are overseen by committees of the Board of Directors
and these committees make reports to the full Board of Directors, including reports on noteworthy risk-management issues. Members
of the Company s senior management team regularly report to the full Board about their areas of responsibility and a component
of these reports is the risks within their areas of responsibility and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such
exposures. Additional review or reporting on risks is conducted as needed or as requested by the Board or one of its committees. 

38 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the compensation paid to, earned by or accrued for, our directors during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid In Cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Yao-Te Wang 
 36,000 

36,000 
 
 Quanzhong Lin 
 34,285 

34,285 
 
 Yuhua Zhu 

Chang-Ping Lin 

The
Company has agreed to pay Mr. Lee 2,500 per month for his services as a director and to issue to him such number of shares of
common stock s may be agreed upon by him and the Compensation Committee. 

Independent
Directors 

Our
Board of Directors has determined that Yao-Te Wang, Chang-Ping Lin and Christopher Lee are independent directors 
within the meaning of NAASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Board
Meetings; Committees and Membership 

Our
Board of Directors did not meet in formal session during 2020, though it regularly took action by written consent after the directors
consulted with each other as to the actions to be taken. 

We
maintain the following committees of the Board of Directors: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is comprised entirely of directors who are independent within
the meaning of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). Each committee acts pursuant to a separate written charter, and each such charter
has been adopted and approved by the Board of Directors. Copies of the committee charters were filed as Exhibits to our Report
on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee consists of Messrs. Lee, Lin and Wang, each of whom is independent. The Audit Committee assists the Board of Directors
oversight of (i) the integrity of financial statements, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (iii) the
independent auditor s qualifications and independence, and (iv) the performance of our internal audit function and independent
auditor and prepares the report that the SEC requires to be included in our annual proxy statement. The audit committee operates
under a written charter. Mr. Lee is the Chairman of our audit committee. 

The
Board of Directors determined that Mr. Lee possesses accounting or related financial management experience that qualifies him
as financially sophisticated within the meaning of Rule 4350(d)(2)(A) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules and that he is an audit
committee financial expert as defined by the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

The
purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in identifying qualified individuals
to become members of our Board of Directors, in determining the composition of the Board of Directors and in monitoring the process
to assess Board effectiveness. Each of Messrs. Lee, Lin and Wang are members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Mr. Wang serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
operates under a written charter. 

Our
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has, among the others, the following authority and responsibilities: 

To
 determine and recommend to the Board, the criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for the director; 

To
 identify and screen candidate consistent with such criteria and consider any candidates recommended by our stockholders pursuant
 to the procedures described in our proxy statement or in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and provisions
 of our charter documents. 

To
 select and approve the nominees for director to be submitted to a stockholder vote at the annual meeting of stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee 

The
Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing and, as appropriate, making recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding
the annual salaries and other compensation of our executive officers and general employees and other policies, and for providing
assistance and recommendations with respect to our compensation policies and practices. Each of Messrs. Lee, Lin and Wang are
members of the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee operates under a written charter. Mr. Lin is the Chairman of
Compensation Committee. 

Our
Compensation Committee has, among the others, the following responsibilities and authority. 

The
 compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel
 or other adviser. 

The
 compensation committee shall be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any compensation
 consultant, legal counsel and other adviser retained by the compensation committee or said group. 

The
 Company must provide for appropriate funding, as determined by the compensation committee, for payment of reasonable compensation
 to a compensation consultant, legal counsel or any other adviser retained by the compensation committee or said group. 

The
 compensation committee select, or receive advice from, a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser to the compensation
 committee or said group, other than in-house legal counsel, only after conducting an independence assessment with respect
 to the adviser as provided for in the Exchange Act. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Ethics and Conflicts of Interest Code of Ethics applicable to
all employees, including the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial officer. A copy of the Code of Ethics
and Business Conduct was filed as an Exhibit to our report on Form 8_K filed on September 25, 2020, and is available on the SEC s
website, www.sec.gov. 

Shareholders
Communications 

Shareholders
may communicate with the board of directors and individual directors by submitting their communications in writing to the Company s
Corporate Secretary at Hongxing International Business Building 2, 14 th FL, No. 69 Qingyun South Ave., Jinjiang District,
Chengdu City, Sichuan Province, China. Any communications received that are directed to the board of directors will be processed
by the Corporate Secretary and distributed promptly to the board of directors or individual directors, as appropriate. If it is
unclear from the communication received whether it was intended or appropriate for the Board, the Corporate Secretary will (subject
to any applicable regulatory requirements) use his business judgment to determine whether such communications should be conveyed
to the board of directors. 

Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to each individual who served as
our chief executive officer or chief financial officer for services rendered in all capacities during 2020. No other executive
officer of our company received total annual salary and bonus compensation in excess of 100,000 for 2020. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Quanzhong Lin, President(1) 
 2020 
 34,285 
 
 34,285 
 
 Guolu Li, Chief Financial Officer(2) 
 2020 
 18,000 
 
 18,000 

(1)
Amounts attributed to Mr. Lin represent amounts paid as President and CEO of AiXinZhonghong. 

(2)
Amounts attributed to Mr. Li represent amounts paid as CFO of AiXinZhonghong. 

Neither
Mr. Lin nor Mr. Li has an employment agreement with the Company. 

39 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None
of our executive officers was granted any options or equity awards during 2020 or held any options or other equity awards at December
31, 2020. 

Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 26, 2021, by (i) any person
or group with more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and each other executive
officer whose cash compensation for the most recent fiscal year exceeded 100,000 and (iv) all such executive officers and directors
as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment power with respect to the securities.
Subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect
to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. In addition, shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of options, warrants and other convertible securities anticipated to be exercisable or convertible at or within 60 days of March
26, 2021, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those securities,
and the group as a whole, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. As of March
26, 2021, we had outstanding 49,999,891 shares of common stock. 

To
our knowledge, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of securities shown
as beneficially owned by them. 

Name of Shareholder 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Executive Officers: 

Quanzhong Lin, Chairman and CEO 9 An Rong Lu Jingniu, Bldg 4 Unit 163 Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China 
 29,069,353 
 58.14 

Yao-Te Wang, Director 704 No.9, Lane 14, Shijian St. Tainan City, Taiwan, R.O.C. 
 3,768,673 
 7.54 

All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) 
 32,838,026 
 65.68 

Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director Independence. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2020, or any currently proposed transaction, in which we were or
are to be a participant and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our
total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or
indirect material interest (other than compensation described under Executive Compensation ). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm s-length transactions. 

40 

Advance
to/from related parties 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had advances from a major shareholder of 264,850 and 0, respectively. At December 31,
2020 and 2019, the Company had advances to the same major shareholder of 0 and 1,284,994, respectively. The advances are payable
on demand, and bear no interest. 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had advances to Qionglai Weide Pharmacy and Chengdu Xindu Cundetang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. of 10,421
and 5,318, respectively, for working capital purpose. These entities were controlled by Mr. Quanzhong Lin. The advances are payable
on demand and bear no interest. 

Advances
to Related Parties for Acquisition 

As
of December 31, 2019, the Company had advances to multiple related parties in the aggregate amount of 4,053,587. The aggregate
balance at December 31, 2019 consisted of balances of 697,699 to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd, Xinjin Branch, 855,324 to Aixin
Liucheng Pharmacy Co., Ltd, 654,776 to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Jianyang Store, 71,821 to Aixin Shangyan Hotel Management Co.,
Ltd., and 1,773,967 to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd. All of those related parties are entities controlled by Mr. Quanzhong Lin. The
advances made were for the future acquisition of these related parties. 

As
of December 31, 2020, these advances were returned to the Company in full. 

Office
Lease from a Major Shareholder 

In
May 2014, we entered a lease with our major shareholder for use of an office. We renewed the lease until May 28, 2023, with monthly
rent of RMB 5,000 766), payable quarterly. 

Other
than the foregoing, none of the directors or executive officers of the Company, nor any person who owned of record or was known
to own beneficially more than 5 of the Company s outstanding shares of its Common Stock, nor any associate or affiliate
of such persons or companies, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction that occurred since January 1,
2019, or in any proposed transaction, which has materially affected or will affect the Company. 

As
of the date of this report, we do not have in place any policies with respect to whether we will enter into agreements with related
persons in the future. 

Independent
Directors 

Each
of Yao-Te Wang, Christopher Lee and Chang-Ping Lin is an independent director as the term independent is defined
by Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees And Services. 

The
following is a summary of the fees billed to us for professional services rendered by our registered independent public accountants
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019: 

Fiscal year ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Audit Fees 
 180,000 
 255,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 

180,000 
 255,000 

Audit
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial statements and review of interim
financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. 

41 

Audit
Related Fees. Consists of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the
audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees . 

Tax
Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include
preparation of federal and state income tax returns. 

All
Other Fees. Consists of fees for product and services other than the services reported above. 

Board
of Directors Pre-Approval Policies 

Our
Board of Directors policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditors.
These services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services, and other services. Pre-approval is generally
provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally
subject to a specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically report to the board of directors
regarding the extent of services provided by the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees for the
services performed to date. The board of directors may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 

Our
Board of Directors reviewed our audited financial statements contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
2019 fiscal year. The board of directors also has been advised of the matters required to be discussed pursuant to PCAOB Rule
3526 (Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence), which includes, among other items, matters related to the
conduct of the audit of our financial statements. 

Our
Board of Directors considered whether the provision of services other than audit services is compatible with maintaining
auditor independence. Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the board of directors has determined that the audited
financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our 2019 fiscal year for filing with the SEC. 

42 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents have been filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements 

Years
Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 
 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules. 

All
schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or not required or because the required information is included in the Financial
Statements or the Notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits.
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report: 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2017, among the Company, AiXin BVI, AiXin HK, AiXin Zhonghong and the stockholders of Aixin Zhonghong (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017). 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 as filed with the SEC on March 7, 2007). 

3.2 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2008). 

3.3 
 
 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2017 as filed with the SEC on January 16, 2018). 

3.4 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 3, 2008). 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of Securities (incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 14,
 2020) 

43 

10.1 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Yao-Te Wang (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017). 

10.2 
 
 Consulting Agreement with Wanli Liu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017). 

10.3 
 
 2019 Incentive Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on January 10, 2019). 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2017). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 or Rule 15d-14 of Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350). 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

44 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 March 31, 2021 
 By: 
 /s/
 Quanzhong Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 Guolu Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities indicated on March 31, 2021. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Quanzhong Lin 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and a Director 
 
 Quanzhong
 Lin 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Guolu Li 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Guolu
 Li 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Yao-Te Wang 
 
 Director 
 
 Yao-Te
 Wang 

/s/
 Chang-Ping Lin 
 
 Director 
 
 Chang-Ping
 Lin 

Director 
 
 Christopher
 Lee 

45 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 AiXin
Life International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AiXin Life International, Inc. (the Company as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company at December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, in conformity with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 

Change
in Accounting Principle 

As
discussed in Note 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases
in 2019 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases . 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was
communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of
critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by
communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 1 

Revenue
Recognition Identifying and evaluating the timing and amount of revenue recognition 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company provides advertising services to its customers, and
revenue related to these services were recognized over the applicable service period. The Company also purchases products from
the same customer. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition,
specifically the identification and evaluation of the timing and amount of revenue recognition, is a critical audit matter, involved
judgment exercised by management in identifying and evaluating the timing and amount of advertising revenue recognition. Auditor
judgement is involved in performing our audit procedures to evaluate whether the timing and amount of revenue recognition on advertising
was appropriately stated. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Our
audit procedures over determining the time period over which the advertising revenue is recognized involved, among others, evaluation
of management s assessment in regard to the timing and amount of advertising revenue recognition. We selected customer agreements
and performed the following procedures: 

Obtained
 and read the customer agreements or contracts for each selected agreement. 

Evaluated
 and tested management s identification of significant terms for completeness, including the identification of performance
 obligations. 

From
 the terms in the customer agreement, evaluated the appropriateness of management s application of their accounting policies,
 in their determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

For
the payment made to customer, we evaluated the application of the Company s accounting policies in the context of applicable
accounting standards. In addition, we tested the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated
timing and amount of revenue recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 

/s/
 KCCW Accountancy Corp. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

 Diamond
Bar, California 

 March
31, 2021 

F- 2 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31 
 December 31 

2020 
 2019 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 7,676,689 
 9,833 
 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 - 
 13,511 
 
 Other receivables and prepaid expenses 
 32,323 
 50,133 
 
 Advances to suppliers 
 155,686 
 281,268 
 
 Inventory 
 45,535 
 49,487 
 
 Prepayment for acquisition 
 - 
 4,053,587 
 
 Advances to related parties 
 15,739 
 1,284,994 
 
 Total current assets 
 7,925,972 
 5,742,813 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 67,817 
 104,509 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 100,029 
 213,897 
 
 Total assets 
 8,093,818 
 6,061,219 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 39,122 
 36,669 
 
 Taxes payable 
 283,495 
 97,378 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other payables 
 514,239 
 647,304 
 
 Operating lease liabilities - current 
 70,780 
 146,370 
 
 Advance from related parties 
 264,850 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 1,172,486 
 927,721 
 
 Operating lease liabilities - non-current 
 29,250 
 67,526 
 
 Total liabilities 
 1,201,736 
 995,247 

Stockholders equity 

Undesignated preferred stock, 0.001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value 0.00001 per share, 500,000,000 shares authorized; 49,999,891 and 85,049,576 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 500 
 850 
 
 Additional paid in capital 
 11,115,765 
 10,743,875 
 
 Statutory reserve 
 151,988 
 11,721 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (4,964,711 
 (5,841,955 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 588,540 
 151,481 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 6,892,082 
 5,065,972 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 8,093,818 
 6,061,219 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years Ended December 31 

2020 
 2019 

Sales revenue: 

Products 
 580,712 
 1,903,716 
 
 Advertising 
 1,870,343 
 1,514,492 
 
 Total revenue, net 
 2,451,055 
 3,418,208 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 224,675 
 388,920 

Gross profit 
 2,226,380 
 3,029,288 

Operating expenses 

Selling 
 244,200 
 1,017,612 
 
 General and administrative 
 802,556 
 1,132,456 
 
 Provision for bad debts 
 13,624 
 48,876 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 371,540 
 70,413 

Total operating expenses 
 1,431,920 
 2,269,357 

Income from operations 
 794,460 
 759,931 

Non-operating income (expenses) 

Interest income 
 537,580 
 262 
 
 Loss from disposal of building 
 - 
 (32,580 
 
 Tax payable adjustment 
 - 
 1,168,377 
 
 Other income 
 28,924 
 290 
 
 Other expense 
 (3,326 
 (1,795 

Total non-operating income (expenses), net 
 563,178 
 1,134,554 

Income before income tax 
 1,357,638 
 1,894,485 

Income tax expense 
 340,127 
 - 

Net income 
 1,017,511 
 1,894,485 

Other comprehensive items 

Foreign currency translation (loss) 
 437,059 
 15,904 

Comprehensive income 
 1,454,570 
 1,910,389 

Income (loss) per share - Basic and diluted 
 0.016 
 0.025 

Weighted average shares outstanding 
 65,609,450 
 74,443,042 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid in 
 Statutory 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 reserves 
 deficit 
 income (loss) 
 Total 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2018 
 71,959,576 
 720 
 4,397,538 
 11,721 
 (7,736,440 
 135,577 
 (3,190,884 
 
 Capital contribution by principal shareholder 
 - 
 - 
 1,276,054 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,276,054 
 
 Issuance of shares 
 12,502,500 
 125 
 4,999,875 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 5,000,000 
 
 Stock issued for services 
 587,500 
 5 
 70,408 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,413 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,894,485 
 - 
 1,894,485 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,904 
 15,904 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 
 85,049,576 
 850 
 10,743,875 
 11,721 
 (5,841,955 
 151,481 
 5,065,972 

Balance at December 31, 2019 
 85,049,576 
 850 
 10,743,875 
 11,721 
 (5,841,955 
 151,481 
 5,065,972 
 
 Cancellation of shares 
 (35,049,685 
 (350 
 350 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Statutory reserve 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 140,267 
 (140,267 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 371,540 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 371,540 
 
 Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,017,511 
 - 
 1,017,511 
 
 Foreign currency translation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 437,059 
 437,059 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 49,999,891 
 500 
 11,115,765 
 151,988 
 (4,964,711 
 588,540 
 6,892,082 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31 

2020 
 2019 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 
 1,017,511 
 1,894,485 
 
 Adjustments required to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 43,462 
 78,524 
 
 Provision for bad debts 
 13,624 
 48,876 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 371,540 
 70,413 
 
 Tax payable adjustment 
 - 
 (1,168,377 
 
 Loss from disposal of building 
 - 
 32,580 
 
 Deferred commission 
 - 
 337,798 
 
 Deferred travel cost 
 - 
 219,738 
 
 Changes in net assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 - 
 (26,359 
 
 Other receivables and prepaid expenses 
 20,003 
 (15,811 
 
 Advances to suppliers 
 136,479 
 (281,867 
 
 Inventory 
 6,866 
 (36,503 
 
 Accounts payable 
 - 
 (2,890 
 
 Unearned revenue 
 - 
 (2,182,676 
 
 Taxes payable 
 169,734 
 46,592 
 
 Accrued liabilities and other payables 
 (166,012 
 (41,688 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 1,613,207 
 (1,027,165 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 (2,173 
 (57,903 
 
 Advances to related parties for acquisition 
 - 
 (4,085,096 
 
 Return of prepayment for acquisition 
 4,087,409 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 4,085,236 
 (4,142,999 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Capital contribution 
 - 
 6,276,054 
 
 Change in advance from related parties 
 1,546,854 
 (1,158,368 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,546,854 
 5,117,686 

EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 421,559 
 51,047 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 7,666,856 
 (1,431 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 
 9,833 
 11,264 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD 
 7,676,689 
 9,833 

Supplemental Cash flow data: 

Income tax paid 
 149,393 
 - 
 
 Interest paid 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of building offset against shareholder loans 
 - 
 1,302,818 
 
 Right of use asset and related liability 
 - 
 201,174 
 
 Lease liability paid by shareholder 
 - 
 17,465 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

AIXIN
LIFE INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1.
ORGANIZATION AND DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

Aixin
Life International, Inc. (the Company or Aixin or we was incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado on December 30, 1987 under the name Mercari Communications Group, Ltd Mercari ). Mercari s business failed in 1990. Mercari conducted no operating activities from June 1, 1990
to August 31, 2001 and was dormant. 

During
each year since Mercari was reactivated until 2017, the Company had no revenue and had losses approximately equal to the expenditures
required to reactivate and comply with filing and reporting obligations. Expenditures were paid by Mercari from capital contributions
and loans made by Mercari s principal stockholders and entities controlled by Mercari s directors. 

On
January 20, 2017, Algodon sold 10,955,500 shares of the Company s common stock, 96.5 of the Company s outstanding
shares, to China Concentric, for 260,000, and assigned its right to the repayment of 150,087 of non-interest bearing advances
to the Company for working capital, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 20, 2016, as amended. Prior to entering
into the Stock Purchase Agreement with Algodon, neither China Concentric nor any of its affiliates had any relationship to the
Company, Algodon or any of their respective affiliates. 

On
February 2, 2017, Mr. Quanzhong Lin purchased 7,380,352 shares of the Company s common stock, 65.0 of its outstanding shares
from China Concentric for 300,000, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 21, 2016, which resulted in a change
in control of our company. 

On
December 12, 2017, the Company issued 56,838,151 shares of common stock to Mr. Lin, the sole stockholder of AiXin (BVI) International
Group Co., Ltd. a British Virgin Islands corporation AiXin BVI ), for his shares of AiXin BVI, pursuant to a Share
Exchange Agreement. 

As
a result of the Share Exchange, AiXin BVI became the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, and the Company now owns all of
the outstanding shares of HK AiXin International Group Co., Limited, a Hong Kong limited company AiXin HK ), which
in turn owns all of the outstanding shares of Chengdu AiXinZhonghong Biological Technology Co., Ltd., a Chinese limited company AiXinZhonghong ), which markets and sells premium-quality nutritional products in China. 

AiXin
BVI was incorporated on September 21, 2017 as a holding company and AiXin HK was established in Hong Kong on February 25, 2016
as an intermediate holding company. AiXinZhonghong was established in the People s Republic of China PRC on March 4, 2013, and on May 27, 2017, the local government of the PRC issued a certificate of approval regarding the foreign
ownership of AiXinZhonghong by AiXin HK. Neither AiXin BVI nor AiXin HK had operations prior to December 12, 2017. 

For
accounting purposes, the acquisition was accounted for as a reverse acquisition and treated as a recapitalization of the Company
effected by a share exchange, with AiXin BVI as the accounting acquirer. Since neither AiXin BVI nor AiXin HK had operations prior
to December 12, 2017, the historical consolidated financial statements of AiXinZhonghong are now the historical consolidated financial
statements of the Company. The assets and liabilities of AiXinZhonghong were brought forward at their book value and no goodwill
was recognized. 

Effective
February 1, 2018, pursuant to Articles of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation filed with the Secretary
of State of Colorado, the Company changed its name to AiXin Life International., Inc. 

F- 7 

The
Company, through its indirectly owned AiXinZhonghong subsidiary, mainly develops and distributes consumer products by offering
a line of nutritional products. The Company sells the products through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing.
Beginning in 2019, the Company began to provide advertising services to clients which engaged the Company to help distribute their
products. During 2019, the Company s product sales revenue was primarily generated from sales of Huo s oral solution,
concentrated drinks, goat milk power, and food washing serum. During 2020, the Company s product sales revenue was primarily
generated from sales of Tongl ke, Huo s oral solution, probiotics and food washing serum. The Company s business
mainly focuses on a proactive approach to its customers such as hosting events for clients, which it believes is ideally suited
to marketing its products because sales of nutrition products are strengthened by ongoing personal contact and support, coaching
and education of its clients, as to the benefits of a healthy and active lifestyle. 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Basis
of Presentation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements
 are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles US
GAAP ). The functional currency of AiXinZhonghong is Chinese Renminbi RMB ).
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are translated from RMB and presented
in U.S. dollars USD ). 

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its current wholly owned subsidiaries, AiXin HK and
AiXinZhonghong. Intercompany transactions and accounts were eliminated in consolidation. 

Reclassification 

Certain
prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation and had no effect on previously reported
consolidated net income (loss) or accumulated deficit. 

Covid
 19 

On
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization announced that infections caused by the corona virus disease of 2019 COVID-19 had become pandemic. The Government of China has adopted various regulations and orders, including mandatory quarantines, limits
on the number of people that may gather in one location, closing non-essential businesses and travel bans to limit the spread
of the disease. Many of these measures have been relaxed due to the decrease in the prevalence of Covid-19 in China. To date,
the ongoing operations of the Company have not been materially adversely effected by the measures taken to limit the spread of
the disease in China, though such measures have impacted its ability to timely complete its closing procedures and report the
results of its operations. 

The
measures adopted by the national government of China and local agencies, as well as the likelihood that many individuals and businesses
will voluntarily shut down or self-quarantine, have and are expected to continue to have serious adverse impacts on the economy
of China. The likely overall economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic will be highly negative to the world s economy. 

Financial
impacts related to COVID-19, including the Company s actions and costs incurred in response to the pandemic, were not material
to the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company
has implemented procedures to promote employee and customer safety. These measures will not significantly increase its operating
costs. In addition, the Company cannot predict with certainty what measures may be taken by its suppliers and customers and the
impact these measures may have on its 2020 financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

While
the Company continues to operate substantially in the normal course, it cannot forecast with any certainty whether and to what
degree the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will increase, or the extent to which the disruption may materially impact
its consolidated financial position, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated cash flows in fiscal 2020. 

Use
of Estimates 

In
preparing consolidated financial statements in
conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements ,
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. 

F- 8 

Significant
estimates, required by management, include the recoverability of long-lived assets, allowance for doubtful accounts, and the reserve
for obsolete and slow-moving inventories. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Change
in Accounting Estimate 

Based
on the recent results of an approval of small business taxpayer status and its receipt of a certificate of no tax due from the
local tax department in March 2020, the Company determined that additionally accrued tax payables for value-added
taxes , city construction tax and education
 tax (collectively Other Taxes for the period from January 2014 to April 2016
based on the applicable tax rates for general business taxpayers should be adjusted for a change in accounting estimate. 

During
the period from January 2014 to April 2016, the Company determined that it did not meet the requirements of a general business
taxpayer other than the revenue amount level for Other Taxes filing purposes, and therefore, during this period the Company filed
and paid Other Taxes in accordance with the applicable standards for a small business taxpayer. However, based on the principle
of prudence, the Company accrued additional Other Taxes payable using the applicable standards for general business taxpayer for
the same period until the Company s tax filing status was settled and resolved. 

In
March 2020, the local tax department approved the Company s small business taxpayer status for the period from January 2014
to April 2016, and provided a certificate of no tax due to the Company. As a result, the Company reversed the previously accrued
Other Taxes payable for the period and accounted for it as a change in accounting estimate. The effect of this change reduced
tax payable by 1,168,377, increased non-operating income by 1,168,377, and increased basic and diluted earnings per share by
 0.015 as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Cash
and Cash Equivalents 

For
financial statement purposes, the Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or
less to be cash and cash equivalents. 

Accounts
Receivable 

The
Company s policy is to maintain an allowance for potential credit losses on accounts receivable. Management reviews the
composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current
economic trends and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31, 2020,
and December 31, 2019, the bad debt allowance was 148,520 and 125,690, respectively. 

Inventory 

Inventory
mainly consists of health supplements. Inventory is valued at the lower of average cost or market, cost being determined on a
moving weighted average method at the end of the month. Management compares the cost of inventories with the net realizable value
and an allowance is made for writing down inventories to market value, if lower. The Company recorded no inventory impairment
for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019. 

In
July 2015, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330) - Simplifying
the Measurement of Inventory, which requires that inventory within the scope of the guidance be measured at the lower of
cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. 

F- 9 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, and impairment losses, if any. Major repairs and betterments
that significantly extend original useful lives or improve productivity are capitalized and depreciated over the period benefited.
Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. When property and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of, the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is included in operations. Depreciation
of property and equipment is provided using the straight-line method for substantially all assets with 5 salvage value and estimated
lives as follows: 

Building 
 20
 years 
 
 Office
 furniture 
 5
 years 
 
 Electronic
 Equipment 
 3
 years 
 
 Vehicles 
 5
 years 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets 

Long-lived
assets, which include property and equipment and intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, but at least annually. 

Recoverability
of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted
future cash flows expected to be generated by it. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated undiscounted future
cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.
Fair value is generally determined using the asset s expected future discounted cash flows or market value, if readily determinable.
Based on its review, the Company believes that, as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, there were no significant impairments
of its long-lived assets. 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax
consequences in future years of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts
at each period end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates, applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. 

The
Company follows Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 740, which prescribes a more-likely-than-not threshold
for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic
740 also provides guidance on recognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of current and deferred income
tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, accounting for income taxes in
interim periods, and income tax disclosures. 

Under
ASC Topic 740, when tax returns are filed, it is likely that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing
authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that
would be ultimately sustained. The benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period
during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained
upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated
with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount
of tax benefit that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion
of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability
for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be
payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest associated with unrecognized tax benefits is classified as interest
expense and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative expenses in the statement of income. 

F- 10 

At
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company did not take any uncertain positions that would necessitate recording a tax
related liability. 

Revenue
Recognition 

ASU
No. 2014-09 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ), became effective for the Company January
1, 2018. The Company s revenue recognition disclosure reflects its updated accounting policies that are affected by this
new standard. The Company applied the modified retrospective transition method for open contracts for the implementation
of Topic 606. As revenues are and have been primarily from the delivery of health supplements and the performance of related
advertising services, and the Company has no significant post-delivery obligations, this did not result in a material recognition
of revenue on the Company s accompanying consolidated financial statements for the cumulative impact of applying this new
standard. The Company made no adjustments to its previously-reported total revenues, as those periods continue to be presented
in accordance with its historical accounting practices under Topic 605, Revenue Recognition . 

Revenue
from sale of goods under Topic 606 is recognized in a manner that reasonably reflects the delivery of the Company s
products and services to customers in return for expected consideration and includes the following elements: 

executed
 contract(s) with customers that the Company believes is legally enforceable; 

identification
 of performance obligation in the respective contract; 

determination
 of the transaction price for each performance obligation in the respective contract; 

allocation
 of the transaction price to each performance obligation; and 

recognition
 of revenue only when the Company satisfies each performance obligation. 

These
five elements, as applied to each of the Company s revenue categories, is summarized below: 

Revenue
 from sale of goods is recognized when goods are shipped to the customer and no other obligation exits. The Company does
 not provide unconditional return or other concessions to the customer. The Company s sales policy allows for the
 return of unopened products for cash after deducting certain service and transaction fees. As an alternative to the product
 return option, the customers have options of asking for an exchange for products with the same value. 

As
 part of the Company s sales incentive program, the Company occasionally provides free travel to its customers whose
 prepayments to purchase the Company s products reaches a certain amount. There are different travel incentives offered
 to customers based on amount received from each customer. The Company records the to-be-provided free travel cost when
 cash is collected from customers as a debit to deferred travel cost with corresponding credit to accrued travel cost.
 Once the customer utilizes the travel incentive, the cost of travel is recorded as selling expenses and reduces deferred
 travel cost. 

Sales
revenue represents the invoiced value of goods, net of value-added taxes VAT ). All of the Company s products
sold in China are subject to the PRC VAT of 17 of the gross sales price prior to May 1, 2018, 16 since May 1, 2018 and 13 since
April 1, 2019. This VAT may be offset by VAT paid by the Company on raw materials and other materials purchased in China. The
Company records VAT payable and VAT receivable net of payments in the financial statements. The VAT tax return is filed offsetting
the payables against the receivables. Sales and purchases are recorded net of VAT collected and paid as the Company acts as an
agent for the government. 

Advertising
Revenue 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company provided advertising services to customers. Advertising contracts are signed to
establish the price and advertising services to be provided. Pursuant to the advertising contracts, the Company provides advertising
and marketing services to its clients through exhibition events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing. The Company performs
a credit assessment of the customer to assess the collectability of the contract price prior to entering into contracts. 

F- 11 

Most
of the advertisement contracts designated that the Company perform such advertising services for its clients through exhibition
events, conferences, and person-to-person marketing during the contracted period, regardless of the number of such events. As
such, the Company determined that the performance obligation is satisfied over time during the contracted period and revenue is
recognized accordingly. Such advertising revenue amounted to 1,863,785 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

A
smaller proportion of the Company s advertising revenue is generated from services to its clients through exhibition events,
conferences, and person-to-person marketing, and charges based on the number of promotional products sold. Such advertising revenue
amounted to 6,559 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Cost
of Goods Sold 

Cost
of goods sold consists primarily of the cost of inventory purchases. Reserve for inventory allowance due to lower of cost or market
is also recorded in cost of goods sold. 

Concentration
of Credit Risk 

The
operations of the Company are in the PRC. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations
may be influenced by the political, economic, and legal environments in the PRC, and by the general state of the PRC economy. 

The
Company has cash on hand and demand deposits in accounts maintained with state-owned banks within the PRC. Cash in state-owned
banks is covered by insurance up to RMB 500,000 72,500) per bank. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts
and believes they are not exposed to any risks on its cash in these bank accounts. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company had one major customer accounted for over 10 of its total revenue. The advertising
revenue from this customer amounted to 1,863,785 for the year 2020. The Company also purchased inventory from this customer in
the amount of 110,037, accounted for 56 of the Company s total purchase during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Leases 

The
Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 using the modified retrospective
approach, electing the practical expedient that allows the Company not to restate its comparative periods prior to the adoption
of the standard on January 1, 2019. As such, the disclosures required under ASC 842 are not presented for periods before the date
of adoption. For the comparative periods prior to adoption, the Company presented the disclosures which were required under ASC
840. 

The
Company applied the following practical expedients in the transition to the new standard allowed under ASC 842: 

Practical
 Expedient 
 
 Description 
 
 Reassessment
 of expired or existing contracts 
 
 The
 Company elected not to reassess, at the application date, whether any expired or existing contracts contained leases, the
 lease classification for any expired or existing leases, and the accounting for initial direct costs for any existing leases. 
 
 Use
 of hindsight 
 
 The
 Company elected to use hindsight in determining the lease term (that is, when considering options to extend or terminate the
 lease and to purchase the underlying asset) and in assessing impairment of right-to-use assets. 
 
 Reassessment
 of existing or expired land easements 
 
 The
 Company elected not to evaluate existing or expired land easements that were not previously accounted for as leases under
 ASC 840, as allowed under the transition practical expedient. Going forward, new or modified land easements will be evaluated
 under ASU No. 2016-02. 
 
 Separation
 of lease and non-lease components 
 
 Lease
 agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components are generally accounted for separately. 
 
 Short-term
 lease recognition exemption 
 
 The
 Company also elected the short-term lease recognition exemption and will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities for
 leases with a term less than 12 months. 

F- 12 

The
new leasing standard requires recognition of leases on the consolidated balance sheets as right-of-use ROU assets
and lease liabilities. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use underlying assets for the lease terms and lease liabilities
represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the leases. Operating lease ROU assets and operating
lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value and future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement
date. The Company s future minimum based payments used to determine the Company s lease liabilities mainly include
minimum based rent payments. As most of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its estimated
incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

The
adoption of ASC 842 had no substantial impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The most significant impact
was the recognition of the operating lease right-of-use assets and the liability for operating leases. Accordingly, adoption of
this standard resulted in the recognition of operating lease right-of-use assets of 42,835 and operating lease liabilities of
 42,835 on the consolidated balance sheet as of January 1, 2019. The adoption of ASC 842 did not result in a cumulative-effect
adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings (accumulated deficit). 

In
addition, the adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or cash flows.
Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in selling,
general and administrative expenses. Variable lease payments for common area maintenance, property taxes and other operating expenses
are recognized as expense in the period when the changes in facts and circumstances on which the variable lease payments are based
occur. 

Statement
of Cash Flows 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 230, Statement of Cash Flows, cash flows from the Company s operations are
calculated based on the local currencies using the average translation rates. As a result, amounts related to assets and liabilities
reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on
the consolidated balance sheets. 

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments 

The
carrying amounts of certain of the Company s financial instruments, including cash and equivalents, accrued liabilities
and accounts payable, approximate their fair value due to their short maturities. FASB ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments, 
requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated
balance sheets for current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair value
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and the current
market rate of interest. 

Fair
Value Measurements and Disclosures 

ASC
Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, defines fair value, and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels
are defined as follow: 

Level
 1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level
 2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs
 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial
 instrument. 

Level
 3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 

F- 13 

As
of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the Company did not identify any assets and liabilities that are required to be presented
on the balance sheet at fair value. 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The
functional currency of the Company is RMB. For financial reporting purposes, RMB is translated into USD as the reporting currency.
Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and expenses are translated
at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the reporting period. 

Translation
adjustments arising from the use of different exchange rates from period to period are included as a component of stockholders 
equity as Accumulated other comprehensive income . Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions
are included in income. There was no significant fluctuation in the exchange rate for the conversion of RMB to USD after the balance
sheet date. 

The
Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive Income . Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and all changes
to the statements of stockholders equity, except those due to investments by stockholders, changes in paid-in capital and
distributions to stockholders. Comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December
31 , 2020 and 2019 consisted of net income (loss) and foreign currency translation adjustments. 

Earnings
per Share 

Basic
income (loss) per share is computed on the basis of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. 

Dilution
is computed by applying the treasury stock method for options and warrants. Under this method, options and warrants are assumed
to be exercised at the beginning of the period (or at the time of issuance, if later), and as if funds obtained thereby were used
to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. 

As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not have any potentially dilutive instruments. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

The
Company periodically grants stock options, warrants and awards to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions
as compensation for services rendered. The Company accounts for stock option, stock warrant and stock award grants to employees
based on the authoritative guidance provided by the FASB where the value of the award is measured on the date of grant and recognized
over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option, stock warrant and stock award grants to non-employees in accordance
with the authoritative guidance of the FASB where the value of the stock compensation is determined based upon the measurement
date at either a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached, or b) at the date at which the necessary performance
to earn the equity instruments is complete. Stock-based compensation charges generally are amortized over the vesting period on
a straight-line basis. In certain circumstances where there are no future performance requirements by the employees and non-employees,
option, warrant and award grants are immediately vested and the total stock-based compensation charge is recorded in the period
of the measurement date. 

Segment
Reporting 

ASC
Topic 280, Segment Reporting, requires use of the management approach model for segment reporting.
The management approach model is based on the way a company s chief operating decision maker organizes segments within the
Company for making operating decisions assessing performance and allocating resources. Reportable segments are based on products
and services, geography, legal structure, management structure, or any other manner in which management disaggregates a company. 

Management
determined the Company s operations constitute a single reportable segment in accordance with ASC 280. The Company operates
exclusively in one business and industry segment: sale of health supplement products. 

F- 14 

New
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes, as part of its initiative to reduce
complexity in accounting standards. The amendments in the ASU are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020,
including interim periods therein. Early adoption of the standard is permitted, including adoption in interim or annual periods
for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The Company is currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the ASU
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

3.
ADVANCES TO SUPPLIERS 

The
Company had advances to suppliers of 155,686 and 281,268 as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, respectively. Advances
to suppliers primarily include prepayments for products expected to be delivered subsequent to balance sheet dates. 

4.
DEFERRED COMMISSION 

The
Company paid commissions to its salesmen based on cash collected from the sales. The Company calculated and paid commissions based
on a certain proportion of monthly cash receipts from sales; however, the customers sometimes delay taking delivery of products
after advances were made to the Company, which advances are recorded as unearned revenue. Accordingly, the Company only recognizes
commission expenses as the related revenue is recognized. Commission expenses are recorded as selling expenses. During the year
ended December 31 ,
2019, the Company returned advances received from its customers. As such, the related deferred commission was expensed in full
as no future revenue would be recognized. 

5.
DEFERRED TRAVEL COST 

As
part of the Company s sales incentive program, the Company occasionally provided free travel to its customers whose prepayments
to purchase the Company s products reached a certain amount. There are different travel incentives offered to customers
based on the amount received from each customer. The Company recorded the to-be-provided free travel cost when cash is collected
from customers as deferred travel cost with a corresponding account of accrued travel cost, and recorded it as a selling expense
once the prepayment from customers was recognized as revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company returned advances
received from its customers. As such, the related deferred travel cost was expensed in full as no future revenue would be recognized. 

6.
INVENTORY 

Inventory
consisted of the following at December 31 ,
2020 and 2019: 

December
 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Finished goods health supplements 
 45,535 
 49,487 

7.
LOAN TO THIRD PARTY 

On
June 8, 2020, the Company entered into an unsecured loan agreement with a third party, pursuant to which the Company agreed to
lend RMB 50,300,000, equivalent to 7,408,389, to the third party. This loan bears interest of RMB 74,000, equivalent to 10,718,
per day, and will mature on July 28, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has received the repayment of principal and interest
in full amount, and recorded interest income of 535,906 during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

F- 15 

8.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET 

Property
and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019: 

December
31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Vehicle 
 288,604 
 268,342 
 
 Office furniture 
 48,464 
 45,423 
 
 Electronic equipment 
 14,852 
 13,920 
 
 Total 
 351,920 
 327,685 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 (284,103 
 (223,176 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 67,817 
 104,509 

Depreciation
expense for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 was 43,462 and 78,524, respectively. 

9.
TAXES PAYABLE 

Taxes
payable consisted of the following at December
 31, 2020 and December 31 , 2019: 

December
31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Value-added 
 32,318 
 49,502 
 
 Income 
 235,300 
 31,380 
 
 City construction 
 2,422 
 3,615 
 
 Education 
 1,781 
 2,629 
 
 Other 
 11,674 
 10,252 
 
 Taxes payable 
 283,495 
 97,378 

See
Note 2 for the change in accounting estimate of taxes payable. 

10.
ACCRUED LIABILITIES AND OTHER PAYABLES 

Accrued
liabilities and other payables consisted of the following at December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 : 

December
31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Accrued employees social insurance 
 364,870 
 357,378 
 
 Accrued professional fees 
 16,927 
 162,000 
 
 Accrued payroll and commission 
 105,844 
 89,748 
 
 Other payables 
 26,598 
 38,178 
 
 Total 
 514,239 
 647,304 

11.
LEASE 

On
September 12, 2018, the Company entered into a contract to sell its rights to a portion of a building with a buyer (the Buyer ),
at which time the Buyer paid RMB 100,000 14,898) to a shareholder of the Company as a down payment. The contract stipulated
the remaining RMB 8,900,000 1,325,964) should be paid by the Buyer on or before September 30, 2018 and before the Company would
be required to go to the relevant authority to effectuate the transfer of its property rights. The Buyer failed to make the payment
on or prior to September 30, 2018, a default under the contract which gave the Company the right to terminate the contract. In
October 2018, the Buyer delivered to the shareholder an additional RMB 7 million 1.0 million). On March 25, 2019, the parties
entered into a supplemental agreement which provided that the Company would transfer the property rights to Buyer if it agreed
the Company would get the benefit of the RMB 7,000,000 1,042,893) and otherwise pay the remaining balance of RMB 1,200,000 178,782)
on or prior to March 31, 2019. The RMB 1,200,000 178,782) was paid directly to the shareholder on a timely basis and the Company
was given the benefit of the RMB 8,900,000 1,325,964) delivered to the Shareholder. The
cost and accumulated depreciation of the building was 1,739,228 and 364,834, respectively. The Company recorded a loss on sale
of 32,580 during year ended December 31, 2019. 1,340,862 of the proceeds from the sale was collected by
the principal shareholder which was offset against amounts due to the shareholder. 

F- 16 

Concurrent
with the completion of this sale, the Company entered into an agreement to lease a portion of the building back from the Buyer
over a lease term of 2 years. The Company accounted for this lease as an operating lease right-of-use asset and a corresponding
operating lease liability in accordance with the Lease Standard. As a result, 207,049 (RMB 1,389,731) was recorded as operating
lease right-of-use asset and lease liability on March 31, 2019 when the lease commenced based on a 4.75 discount factor. 

The
Company also has operating leases for other sales locations under various operating lease arrangements. The leases have remaining
lease terms of approximately six months to 2 years. 

Balance
sheet information related to the Company s leases is presented below: 

December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Operating Leases 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 100,029 
 213,897 

Operating lease liabilities - current 
 70,780 
 146,370 
 
 Operating lease liability non-current 
 29,250 
 67,526 
 
 Total operating lease liabilities 
 100,030 
 213,896 

The
following provides details of the Company s lease expenses: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Operating lease expenses 
 151,730 
 91,617 

Other
information related to leases is presented below: 

Year Ended 

December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 
 
 Cash Paid For Amounts Included In Measurement of Liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 
 151,730 
 91,617 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating leases 
 1.37 years 
 1.87 years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate: 

Operating leases 
 4.75 
 4.75 

F- 17 

Maturities
of lease liabilities were as follows: 

For the year ending December 31: 

2021 
 73,292 
 
 2022 
 20,367 
 
 2023 
 9,905 
 
 Total lease payments 
 103,564 
 
 Less: imputed interest 
 (3,534 
 
 Total lease liabilities 
 100,030 
 
 Less: current portion 
 (70,780 
 
 Lease liabilities non-current portion 
 29,250 

12.
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

Prepayments
for acquisition 

As
of December 31 , 2020 and,
2019, the Company had advances to multiple related parties in the aggregate amount of 0 and 4,053,587, respectively. Balance
at December 31, 2019 consisted of balances of 697,699 to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd, Xinjin Branch, 855,324 to Aixin Liucheng Pharmacy
Co., Ltd, 654,776 to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd. Jianyang Store, 71,821 to Aixin Shangyan Hotel Management Co., Ltd., and 1,773,967
to Aixin Pharmacy Co., Ltd. All of those related parties are entities controlled by Mr. Quanzhong Lin. The advances made were
for the future acquisition of these related parties. 

As
of December 31 , 2020 ,
these prepayments were returned to the Company in full. 

Advance
to/from related parties 

As
of December 31, 2020, the Company had advances to Qionglai Weide Pharmacy and Chengdu Xindu Cundetang Pharmacy Co., Ltd. of 10,421
and 5,318, respectively, for working capital purpose. These entities were controlled by Mr. Quanzhong Lin. At December 31 ,
 2019, the Company had advances to a major shareholder of 1,284,994. These advances are
payable on demand and bear no interest. 

At
December 31 , 2020 , the Company
had advances from the same major shareholder of 258,862. In addition, the Company had advances from Chengdu Aixin E-Commerce
Company Ltd. and Chengdu Beibang Pharmacy of 3,240 and 2,748, respectively, at December 31, 2020. These advances were for working
capital purpose, payable on demand, and bear no interest. 

Office
lease from a Major Shareholder 

In
May 2014, the Company entered a lease with its major shareholder for office use; the lease term was three years until May 2017
with an option to renew. The monthly rent was RMB 5,000 766), the Company was required to prepay each year s annual rent
at 15th of May of each year. The Company renewed the lease until May 28, 2023 with monthly rents of RMB 5,000 766), payable
quarterly. The future annual minimum lease payment at December 31, 2020 is 9,195 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022,
and 3,831 for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

13.
INCOME TAXES 

The
Company was incorporated in the United States of America USA and has operations in one tax jurisdiction, i.e.
the PRC. The Company generated substantially all of its sales from its operations in the PRC for the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, and recorded income tax provision for the periods. 

China
has a tax rate of 25 for all enterprises (including foreign-invested enterprises). 

F- 18 

The
following table reconciles the PRC statutory rates to the Company s effective tax rate for years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019: 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Income tax (benefit) at USA statutory rate 
 (21.0 
 (21.0 
 
 Income tax (benefit) at PRC statutory rate 
 25.0 
 25.0 
 
 Change in deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 
 Permanent differences 
 - 
 (15.0 
 
 Other 
 - 
 (10.0 
 
 Effective combined tax rate 
 25.0 
 - 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the change in valuation allowance is mainly from the tax benefit on net operating
loss carry forward for PRC and USA operations. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

Interest
associated with unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax, and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits
and related interest and penalties expenses. Currently, the Company is not subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions. 

14.
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

On
August 17, 2020, by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting, the Board adopted resolutions authorizing a one (1)-for-four
(4) reverse stock split and on August 19, 2020 filed Articles of Amendment to effect the reverse stock split with the Secretary
of State of the State of Colorado. The reverse stock split becomes effective on October 27, 2020. According to the Articles of
Amendment, the Company is authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock at 0.001 par value and to reduce
the number of authorized common stock to 500,000,000 shares at .00001 par value per share from 950,000,000 shares. All share
and earnings per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse stock split. 

At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company had 49,999,891 and 85,049,576 post-split common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2020, 35,049,685 post-split shares owned by a major shareholder were cancelled. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, the same major shareholder contributed 1,276,054 to the Company with no common shares issued. 

Private
Placements of Common Stock 

On
August 7, 2019, the Company completed the sale of 2,500,000 shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of 1,000,000 in a private
offering, pursuant to which, 2,500,000 shares were issued on September 5, 2019. 

On
October 9, 2019, the Company completed the sale of 10,000,000 shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of 4,000,000 in a
private offering, pursuant to which, 10,000,000 shares were issued on November 5, 2019. 

Stock
Awards Issued for Services 

On
October 22, 2019, the Company granted and issued 37,500 post-split shares to its employees and contractors under its 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan. The stock awards were valued at 337,500 based on the post-split closing price of 9 on the grant date. 

On
October 24, 2019, the Company granted and issued 550,000 post-split shares to its employees and contractors under its 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan. The stock awards were valued at 1,520,200 based on the post-split closing price of 2.764 on the grant date. 

F- 19 

The
stock awards will vest over five (5) years from the grant date, and the grantee will forfeit a portion of the shares granted Shares
Granted if the grantee is no longer employed by or contracted with the Company. Specifically, the grantee will forfeit
80 of Shares Granted if no longer employed by or contracted with the Company on the date that is one year from the grant date,
forfeit 60 of Shares Granted if no longer employed by or contracted with the Company on the date that is two years from the grant
date, forfeit 40 of Shares Granted if no longer employed by or contracted with the Company on the date that is three years from
the grant date, and forfeit 20 of Shares Granted if no longer employed by or contracted with the Company on the date that is
four years from the grant date. Effective on the 5 th year from the grant date, none of the shares will be subject to
forfeiture. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, stock-based compensation expenses were 371,540 and 70,413, respectively. As of December
31, 2020, unrecognized compensation expenses related to these stock awards are 1,415,747. These expenses are expected to be recognized
over 4 years. 

15.
STATUTORY RESERVES 

Pursuant
to the PRC corporate law, the Company is now only required to maintain one statutory reserve by appropriating from its after-tax
profit before declaration or payment of dividends. The statutory reserve represents restricted retained earnings. 

Surplus
reserve fund 

The
Company is now required to transfer 10 of its net income, as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations, to a statutory
surplus reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50 of the Company s registered capital. During the year ended December
31, 2020 and 2019, the Company made 140,267 and 0 to its statutory reserve fund, respectively. 

The
surplus reserve fund is non-distributable other than during liquidation and can be used to fund previous years losses,
if any, and may be utilized for business expansion or converted into share capital by issuing new shares to existing shareholders
in proportion to their shareholding or by increasing the par value of the shares currently held by them, provided that the remaining
reserve balance after such issue is not less than 25 of the registered capital. 

Common
welfare fund 

Common
welfare fund is a voluntary fund to which the Company can elect to transfer 5 to 10 of its net income, as determined under PRC
accounting rules and regulations. The Company did not make any contribution to this fund during the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019. 

This
fund can only be utilized on capital items for the collective benefit of the Company s employees, such as construction of
dormitories, cafeteria facilities, and other staff welfare facilities. This fund is non-distributable other than upon liquidation. 

16.
OPERATING CONTINGENCIES 

The
Company s operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and
legal environments and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental
policies with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates
and methods of taxation, among other things. 

The
Company s sales, purchases and expenses are denominated in RMB and all of the Company s assets and liabilities are
also denominated in RMB. The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies under the current law. In China, foreign exchange
transactions are required by law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions. Remittances in currencies other than
RMB may require certain supporting documentation to affect the remittance. 

The
Company is, from time to time, involved in litigation incidental to the conduct of its business regarding merchandise sold, employment
matters, and litigation regarding intellectual property rights. 

The
Company believes that current pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position,
results of operations or cash flows. 

17.
SUBSEQUENT EVENT 

Management
has evaluated subsequent events through the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events
requiring recognition as of December 31, 2020 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are
no subsequent events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events. 

F- 20 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated March 31, 2021 on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
of Aixin Life International, Inc. (the Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively,
which report was included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed March 31, 2021 in the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-229182) 

KCCW
Accountancy Corp. Certified Public Accountants 

 Diamond
Br, California 

 March
31, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Quanzhong Lin, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AiXin Life International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/Quanzhong
 Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Guolu Li, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AiXin Life International, Inc. 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/
 Guolu Li 

Guolu
 Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AiXin Life International, Inc., Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report Quanzhong
Lin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/
 Quanzhong Lin 

Quanzhong
 Lin 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

In
connection with the Annual Report of AiXin Life International, Inc., a Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form
10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), Guolu
Li, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18
U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/
 Guolu Li 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.INS>
 10
 aixn-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 aixn-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 aixn-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 aixn-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 aixn-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 aixn-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

