<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210701_10-K_edgar_data_1119643_0001493152-21-015860.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10413476</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>356121</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>456551</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4338097</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2592580</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2480470</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-21-015860.hdr.sgml : 20210701
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210701165422
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-015860
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210701
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210701

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NUTRA PHARMA CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001119643
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				912021600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-32141
		FILM NUMBER:		211066678

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12538 W. ATLANTIC BLVD.
		CITY:			CORAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 509-0911

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12538 W. ATLANTIC BLVD.
		CITY:			CORAL SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33071

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CYBER VITAMIN COM
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000717

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-21-015860.txt : 20210701

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM
10-K 

(Mark
One) 

[X] 
 ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 

[ ] 
 TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _________ to ________ 

Commission
File Number 000-32141 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

California 
 
 91-2021600 
 
 (State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

1537
 NW 65th Ave, Plantation, FL 
 
 33313 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: (954) 509-0911 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
stock, 0.001 par value 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No
[X] 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ]
No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [ ] No [X] 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer [ ] 
 
 Accelerated
 filer [ ] 

Non-accelerated
 filer [ ] (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 
 Smaller
 reporting company [X] 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes [ ] No [X] 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the registrant s most recently
completed second quarter: 2,385,792. 

As
of July 1, 2021, there were 7,260,119,714 shares of common stock and 3,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock issued and
outstanding. 

INDEX 

Part
 I 
 3 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 21 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 27 

Part
 II 
 28 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity; Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 36 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 37 

Part
 III 
 38 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 

Part
 IV 
 45 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 

Signatures 
 
 46 

Nutra
Pharma Corp Nutra Pharma and its wholly owned subsidiaries, ReceptoPharm, Inc. ReceptoPharm and
Designer Diagnostics Inc. are referred to herein as we , our or us (ReceptoPharm is also individually
referred to herein). 

Forward
Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2019 contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties ,
 most significantly, Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation), as well
as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. The words or phrases would be, will allow, intends to, 
 will likely result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimate, 
 project, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. All statements other
than statements of historical fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any projections of revenue,
gross margin, expenses, earnings or losses from operations, synergies or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies
and objectives of management for future operations; and any statement concerning developments, plans, or performance. Unless otherwise
required by applicable law, we do not undertake and we specifically disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements
to reflect occurrences, developments, unanticipated events or circumstances after the date of such statement. 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

Nutra
Pharma is a holding company that owns intellectual property and operates in the biotechnology industry. Nutra Pharma was incorporated
under the laws of the state of California on February 1, 2000, under the original name of Exotic-Bird.com. 

Through
its wholly-owned subsidiary, ReceptoPharm, Nutra Pharma conducts drug discovery research and development activities. In October 2009,
Nutra Pharma launched its first consumer product called Cobroxin , an over-the-counter pain reliever designed to treat
moderate to severe chronic pain. In May 2010, Nutra Pharma launched its second consumer product called Nyloxin , an over-the-counter
pain reliever that is a stronger version of Cobroxin and is designed to treat severe chronic pain. In December 2014,
we launched Pet Pain-Away, an over-the-counter pain reliever designed to treat pain in cats and dogs. 

We
have conducted our operations since October 2003. We are a biopharmaceutical company that engages in the acquisition, licensing and commercialization
of pharmaceutical products and technologies as well as homeopathic and ethical drugs for the management of pain, neurological disorders,
cancer, autoimmune and infectious diseases. Homeopathic drugs are natural products that contain ingredients listed in the HPUS (Homeopathic
Pharmacopoeia of the United States). An ethical drug is a licensed drug that has obtained Federal Drug Administration FDA approval after extensive pre-clinical and clinical testing. We seek strategic licensing partnerships to reduce the risks associated with
the drug development process. 

Our
wholly owned subsidiary and drug discovery arm, ReceptoPharm, has carried out our homeopathic and drug discovery research and clinical
development and has fully developed four homeopathic drugs for the relief of pain: 

Nyloxin 
 and Nyloxin Extra Strength 

Pet
 Pain-Away: an over-the-counter pain reliever designed to relieve pain in cats and dogs 

Equine
 Pain-Away: an over-the-counter topical pain reliever designed to relieve pain in horses 

Luxury
 Feet: an over-the-counter pain reliever designed to relieve foot pain from high heels and stilettos 

Our
business plan will continue its efforts to produce, market and distribute our Nyloxin , Pet Pain-Away , Equine Pain-Away 
and Luxury Feet branded products both domestically and internationally. 

From
October 2009 until December 31, 2019, our operations centered on the marketing of Cobroxin (our discontinued product),
Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength. In December of 2014, we launched Pet Pain-Away and began actively
marketing the product. During fiscal year 2019, we earned revenues of 104,393, 44,269 of it was from sales of Nyloxin 
and 60,124 of it was from sales of Pet Pain-Away. We launched Equine Pain-Away in October of 2019 and Luxury Feet officially launched
distribution in March of 2021. 

Additionally,
the Company has developed two drug candidates: 

RPI-78M,
 to treat neurological diseases and autoimmune diseases, including; Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN), Amyotrophic
 Lateral Sclerosis (ALS or Lou Gehrig s disease), Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) and Myasthenia Gravis; and 

RPI-MN,
 to treat viral diseases, including HIV/AIDS and Herpes. 

The
Company has developed proprietary therapeutic protein products primarily for the prevention and treatment of viral and neurological diseases,
including Multiple Sclerosis (MS), Adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN), Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and pain in humans. These potential
products are subject to FDA approval. 

We
continue to identify biotechnology related intellectual property and companies with which we may potentially be able to enter into arrangements,
agreements or to potentially acquire. 

Industry
Overview of the Pain Market 

Pain
is the most common symptom for patients seeking medical attention. Acute and chronic pain affects large numbers of Americans, with approximately
100 million U.S. adults burdened by chronic pain alone. The annual national economic cost associated with chronic pain is estimated to
be 560- 635 billion. (Institute of Medicine, Relieving Pain in America , 2011). 

According
to the American Academy of Pain Medicine (AAPM), chronic pain affects approximately 1.5 billion people worldwide, on account of the high
prevalence of cardiovascular disorders, cancer, and diabetes. Algomedix
estimated the global sales for the treatment of chronic pain were 60 billion in 2015; and a ccording
to the market research report published by P S Intelligence, the global chronic pain treatment market is expected to reach 105.9
billion by 2024. The market growth is primarily driven by the rising prevalence of chronic conditions, surging geriatric population,
and increasing government support toward chronic pain management. 

3 

Our
Products 

Nyloxin /Nyloxin 
 Extra Strength 

We
offer Nyloxin /Nyloxin Extra Strength as our over-the-counter (OTC) pain reliever that has been clinically
proven to treat moderate to severe (Stage 2) chronic pain. 

Nyloxin 
 and Nyloxin Extra Strength are available as a two ounce topical gel for treating joint pain and pain associated
with arthritis and repetitive stress, and as a one ounce oral spray for treating lower back pain, migraines, neck aches, shoulder pain,
cramps, and neuropathic pain. Both the topical gel and oral spray are packaged and sold as a one-month supply. 

Nyloxin 
 and Nyloxin Extra Strength offer several benefits as a pain reliever. With increasing concern about consumers using
opioid and acetaminophen-based pain relievers, the Nyloxin products provide an alternative that does not rely on opiates
or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, otherwise known as NSAIDs, for their pain relieving effects. Nyloxin also has
a well-defined safety profile. Since the early 1930s, the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) of Nyloxin , Asian cobra
venom, has been studied in more than 46 human clinical studies. The data from these studies provide clinical evidence that cobra venom
provides an effective treatment for pain with few side effects and has the following benefits: 

safe
 and effective; 

all
 natural; 

long-acting; 

easy
 to use; 

non-narcotic; 

non-addictive;
 and 

analgesic
 and anti-inflammatory. 

Potential
side effects from the use of Nyloxin are rare, but may include headache, nausea, vomiting, sore throat, allergic rhinitis
and coughing. 

The
primary difference between Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength is the dilution level of the venom. The
approximate dilution levels for Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength are as follows: 

Nyloxin 

Topical
 Gel: 30 mcg/mL 

Oral
 Spray: 70 mcg/mL 

Nyloxin 
 Extra Strength 

Topical
 Gel: 60 mcg/mL 

Oral
 Spray: 140 mcg/mL 

In
December 2011, we began marketing Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength at www.nyloxin.com. Both Nyloxin 
 and Nyloxin Extra Strength are packaged in a roll-on container, squeeze bottle and as an oral spray. Additionally,
Nyloxin topical gel is available in an 8 ounce pump bottle. 

We
are currently marketing Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength as treatments for moderate to severe chronic
pain. Nyloxin is available as an oral spray for treating back pain, neck pain, headaches, joint pain, migraines, and
neuralgia and as a topical gel for treating joint pain, neck pain, arthritis pain, and pain associated with repetitive stress. Nyloxin 
 Extra Strength is available as an oral spray and gel application for treating the same physical indications, but is aimed at treating
the most severe (Stage 3) pain that inhibits one s ability to function fully. 

The
Nyloxin products are available for sale on the www.Nyloxin.com website, the Nyloxin Amazon storefront at www.Amazon.com/nyloxin and on
the Walmart Marketplace. Nyloxin is also sold in physician offices. Clinics and small-chain pharmacies. 

4 

Nyloxin 
 Military Strength 

In
December 2012, we announced the availability of Nyloxin Military Strength for sale to the United States Military and
Veteran s Administration. Over the past few years, the U.S. Department of Defense has been reporting an increase in the use and
abuse of prescription medications, particularly opiates. In 2009, close to 3.8 million prescriptions for pain relievers were written
in the military. This staggering number was more than a 400 increase from the number of prescriptions written in the military in 2001.
But prescription drugs are not the only issue. The most common and seemingly harmless way to treat pain is with non steroidal,
anti inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS). But there are risks. Overuse can cause nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, heartburn, ulcers and internal
bleeding. In severe cases chest pain, heart failure, kidney dysfunction and life threatening allergic reactions can occur. It is
reported that approximately 7,600 people in America die from NSAID use and some 78,000 are hospitalized. Ibuprofen, also an NSAID has
been of particular concern in the military. The terms Ranger Candy and Military Candy refer to the service
men and women who are said to use 800mg doses of Ibuprofen to control their pain. But when taking anti inflammatory Ibuprofen in
high doses for chronic pain, there is potential for critical health risks; abuse can lead to serious stomach problems, internal bleeding
and even kidney failure. There are significantly greater health risks when abuse of this drug is combined with alcohol intake. Our goal
is that with Nyloxin , we can greatly reduce the instances of opiate abuse and overuse of NSAIDS in high risk groups like
the US military. The Nyloxin Military Strength represents the strongest version of Nyloxin available
and is approximately twice as strong as Nyloxin Extra Strength. We are working with outside consultants to register Nyloxin 
 Military Strength and the other Nyloxin products for sale to the US government and the various arms of the military
as well as the Veteran s Administration. In February of 2018, Nyloxin was added to the Federal Supply Schedule but was subsequently
removed the following week without an adequate explanation. We have continued to work with our consultants to understand why our products
were improperly removed the Federal Supply Schedule and when we may be able to get re-listed on the Federal Supply Schedule for eventual
sales to governmental agencies or to the US Military. 

International
Sales 

We
are pursuing international drug registrations in Canada, Mexico, India, Australia, New Zealand, Central and South America and Europe.
Since European rules for homeopathic drugs are different than the rules in the US, we cannot estimate when this process will be completed.
On March 25, 2013 we announced the publication of our patent and trademark for Nyloxin in India. We are actively seeking
new distribution partners in India. 

On
May 14, 2015 we announced that we had engaged the Nature s Clinic to begin the process of regulatory approval of our Company s
Over the Counter pain drug, Nyloxin for marketing and distribution in Canada. The Nature s Clinic has
already begun setting up their Chatham, Ontario warehouse. Due to lack of funding, we have waited to complete the approval process to
begin distributing Nyloxin and expect to re-engage in the process in 2021. 

On
February 1, 2018 we announced a Distribution Agreement with the Australian company, Pharmachal PTY LTD to market and distribute Nyloxin 
 in Australia and New Zealand. Pharmachal has begun the registration process with the TGA (Therapeutic Goods Administration). At
this time, we do not know if our products will qualify for TGA registration and cannot provide a timeline for the eventual distribution
in Australia. 

Additionally,
we plan to complete several human clinical studies aimed at comparing the ability of Nyloxin Extra Strength to replace
prescription pain relievers. We have provided protocols to several hospitals and will provide details and timelines when those protocols
have been accepted. We cannot provide any timeline for these studies until adequate financing is available. 

To
date, our marketing efforts have been limited due to lack of funding. As sales increase, we plan to begin marketing more aggressively
to increase the sales and awareness of our products. 

Pet
Pain Away 

During
June of 2013, we announced the launch of our new homeopathic formula for the treatment of chronic pain in companion animals, Pet Pain Away .
Pet Pain Away is a homeopathic, non narcotic, non addictive, over the counter pain reliever, primarily
aimed at treating moderate to severe chronic pain in companion animals. It is specifically indicated to treat pain from hip dysplasia,
arthritis pain, joint pain, and general chronic pain in dogs and cats. The initial product run was completed in December of 2014 and
launched through Lumaxa Distributors on December 19, 2014. 

In
May of 2016, we signed a license agreement to begin the process of creating an infomercial (Direct Response) campaign for Pet Pain Away .
In November of 2016, we announced the license agreement with DEG Productions for the marketing and distribution of Pet Pain Away
globally. DEG has the ability to earn the exclusive distribution rights for the product by reaching certain sales milestones. DEG has
created their own website (www.getpetpainaway.com) and began airing commercials in December of 2016. 

In
February of 2020, we took back the marketing of Pet Pain-Away and are currently selling the product on Amazon.com and through www.petpainaway.com 

5 

Luxury
Feet 

In
June of 2017, we announced the creation of Luxury Feet ; an over the counter pain reliever and anti inflammatory
product that is designed for women who experience pain or discomfort due to high heels and stilettos. We announced the official marketing
launch of Luxury Feet in March of 2021. The product is currently available through www.luxuryfeet.com and on Amazon. 

Equine
Pain-Away (Formerly Equine Nyloxin) 

In
October of 2013, we announced that we were in the process of launching the newest addition to our line of homeopathic treatments for
chronic pain, Equine Nyloxin . We had been working with trainers and veterinarians in the equine industry and have already identified
distributors for the product. The Equine Nyloxin represents the Company s first topical solution for the animal market.
Equine Nyloxin was rebranded as Equine Pain-Away and officially rolled into the market in October of 2019. Equine Pain-Away is
being marketed through several retailers and online at www.EquinePainAway.com and on Amazon. 

Regulation 

The
active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) in our over the counter products, Asian cobra venom, has an approved United States monograph under
the Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia of the United States (HPUS), which allowed us to register them with the FDA as homeopathic drugs. A United
States monograph is a prescribed formulation for the production of any drug or product that is recognized by law for a specific application
and that may be introduced into commerce. The FDA requires this registration process to maintain full compliance of companies marketing
and selling medicines classified as homeopathic. In August 2009, we successfully completed submission of final packaging and labeling
to the FDA to begin selling our over-the-counter pain reliever, Cobroxin . In December 2009, we completed our submission
of final packaging and labeling to the FDA of Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength. In December 2016 we
completed our submission of final packaging and labeling to the FDA of Pet Pain-Away. 

On
March 11, 2019, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) sent us a warning letter regarding the claims and marketing
materials of our Nyloxin line of products. On April 10, 2019 we responded to the warning letter; addressing their concerns and outlining
the actions that we have taken and will take to comply with their requests for changes. The response goes on to commit to the FDA that
the company will make the changes necessary to properly and legally continue to market and distribute our products. 

Manufacturing 

ReceptoPharm
oversees Nyloxin s and Pet Pain-Away s manufacturing activities, both at its Good Manufacturing Practice GMP certified facility and at a third-party manufacturing and bottling facility. ReceptoPharm is also responsible for acquiring appropriate
amounts of Asian cobra venom required to manufacture Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away. 

Subject
to availability of funds, ReceptoPharm also plans to begin additional clinical studies for our pain relievers. These studies will be
designed to compare the efficacy of Nyloxin Extra Strength to other prescription strength pain relievers. A ReceptoPharm
study published in Toxicon , which is the journal of the International Society of Toxinology, showed that ReceptoPharm s
leading drug product for the treatment of pain (RPI-78) had pain-reducing effects that lasted four times as long as morphine without
the negative side effects associated with opioid-based pain relievers. Another study published in the journal Neuropharmacology showed
a new mechanism on the use of Alpha-Cobratoxin as a treatment for pain. Alpha-Cobratoxin is the main component of the cobra venom used
in Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away. 

The
FDA requires those companies manufacturing homeopathic medicines to have their facilities certified as GMP. As of October 2005, ReceptoPharm s
manufacturing and laboratory facility has been fully compliant with its GMP certification. In March 2009, ReceptoPharm received an ISO
Class 5 certification for its clean room facility. An ISO Class 5 certification is a type of classification granted for a clean room
facility according to the number and size of particles permitted per volume of air. An ISO Class 5 clean room has at most, 3,500 particles
per square meter. 

Manufacturing
Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away entails a two-step process, the first of which consists of ReceptoPharm manufacturing the bulk
raw materials and completing the dilution levels of the active pharmaceutical ingredient API as provided for in the Homeopathic
Pharmacopeia of the United States, which is a compilation of continuously updated statements of Homeopathic Pharmacopoeia standards and
monographs as recognized by that organization. Once this process is completed, the second step entails transport of raw materials to
a third-party manufacturer that completes the final mixing, bottling and shipping processes. 

We
began limited manufacturing of Nyloxin in November 2010. We scaled up manufacturing in the first quarter of 2011. Our
production level is contingent upon product demand level and we can scale up as sales demand increases. We began manufacturing Pet Pain-Away
in late 2014 and completed the first run of products for distribution on December 19, 2014. We are currently expanding production capacity
in our facility to allow spot production of our products and future private label brands. 

6 

Marketing
and Distribution 

In
August 2009, we completed an agreement with XenaCare granting them the exclusive license to market and distribute Cobroxin 
 within the United States. To maintain this market exclusivity, XenaCare was required to meet certain minimum performance requirements.
On April 1, 2011, we notified our Cobroxin Distributor, XenaCare Holdings that they were in breach of our agreement.
As a result of this, the distribution agreement was terminated effective April 10, 2011. XenaCare had a large stock of the product that
they had ordered from us and we have allowed them to continue to market their existing inventory of Cobroxin . In October
2011 we discontinued their website at www.Cobroxin.com. All current traffic to that website is now redirected to www.Nyloxin.com. It
is our plan to eventually re-launch Cobroxin with an eventual return to retail stores. 

In
December of 2013, we announced an agreement with MyNyloxin.com for the exclusive rights to market and distribute Nyloxin 
in the Network Marketing channel. In November of 2014, MyNyloxin.com changed their name to Lumaxa. They provide a business opportunity
to their Distributors to earn commissions on the sale of our products through their Distributor groups. In January of 2014, we announced
the first product shipments to the MyNyloxin Independent Entrepreneurs (MIEs). Lumaxa conducts webinars, conference calls and live meetings
to support recruitment of new distributors as well as to provide product and business education. 

In
May of 2016, we signed a license agreement to begin the process of creating an infomercial (Direct Response) campaign for Pet Pain-Away .
In November of 2016, we announced the license agreement with DEG Productions for the marketing and distribution of Pet Pain-Away globally.
DEG has the ability to earn the exclusive distribution rights for the product by reaching certain sales milestones. DEG has created their
own website (www.getpetpainaway.com) and began airing commercials in December of 2016. In February of 2020, we took back the marketing
of Pet Pain-Away and are currently selling the product on Amazon.com and through www.petpainaway.com 

In
late 2019 we created our own storefront on Amazon at www.Amazon.com/nyloxin. In August of 2020, we added Pet Pain-Away to the Amazon
site. In March of 2021, we added Luxury Feet and Equine Pain-Away to our Amazon storefront. In November of 2020 our Nyloxin line of products
was added to the Walmart Marketplace and sold online at www.Walmart.com. 

We
are continuing our efforts to find strategic partnerships for the promotion, marketing, registration, licensing and sales of our products
domestically and internationally. 

Dependence
on one or a Few Major Customers 

With
respect to Nyloxin , Nyloxin Extra Strength and Pet Pain-Away, we have been distributing the products
online and to various retailers. We are seeking both domestic and international distributors for these products. It may be that a larger
distributor may require exclusivity in the US or any particular foreign market. If so, we would be dependent on that distributor for
those Nyloxin sales. 

International
Drug Registrations 

We
are continuing our efforts to complete the registration process internationally. On March 25, 2013 we announced the publication of our
patent and trademark for Nyloxin in India. We are currently working with potential Distributors in India. In February,
2015 we completed the first test shipments to India through our importer, S.Zhaveri Pharmakem. We are actively seeking new distribution
partners in India. In April of 2015 we announced the engagement of the Vancouver Commodity Group to identify potential distribution partners
in China. Later that month, we announced the acceptance of Nyloxin by the China International Exchange and Promotive
Association for Medical and Healthcare (CPAM). With this approval, we have been working with several groups to find a large distributor
for our products in the People s Republic of China. On May 14, 2015 we announced that we had engaged the Nature s Clinic
to begin the process of regulatory approval of our Company s Over-the-Counter pain drug, Nyloxin for marketing
and distribution in Canada. The Nature s Clinic has already begun setting up their Chatham, Ontario warehouse. Due to lack of funding,
we have waited to complete the approval process to begin distributing Nyloxin and expect to re-engage in the process
in 2021. On February 1, 2018 we announced a Distribution Agreement with the Australian company, Pharmachal PTY LTD to market and distribute
Nyloxin in Australia and New Zealand. Pharmachal has begun the registration process with the TGA (Therapeutic Goods Administration).
We will continue to work with them through the registration process but have no current timetable for distribution in Australia. 

While
many countries adopt similar regulation to the United States for registering homeopathic drugs, the international application process
is more complex and may be lengthier. We will continue to seek qualified, well-funded distributors for the international distribution
of Cobroxin , Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away. At this time, we have no way of knowing when we may begin the
process of marketing and distributing our products internationally as we navigate the regulatory process and seek qualified distributors. 

ReceptoPharm s
Homeopathic Drug Pain Relief Studies 

Pending
adequate financing or revenues, we will continue our research and development into this area, with the ultimate goal of improving product
claims for Nyloxin Extra Strength, which is a treatment for stage 3 pain. We have planned the following three studies
and will pursue these pending adequate financing: 

7 

MS
Neuropathic Pain Phase IV 

This
is a planned 10-week patient trial period. We have thus far incurred costs of 5,000 with a total estimated budget of 130,000. We plan
to reinitiate this trial pending adequate funding. 

Chronic
Back Pain Phase I 

We
will continue our research and development in this area, with the ultimate goal of completing development of our future product, Recet,
which is an injectable version of Cobratoxin. This is a planned 4-week patient trial period. We have thus far incurred costs of 25,000
in prior years with a total estimated budget of 250,000. We plan to reinitiate this trial pending adequate funding. 

Chr onic
Back Pain Phase IV 

We
will continue our research and development, with this ultimate goal of improving product claims for Nyloxin Extra Strength,
which is a treatment for stage 3 pain. This is a planned 4-week patient trial period. We have an estimated budget of 250,000. We have
not yet incurred any costs associated with the Chronic Back Pain Phase IV project. We plan to reinitiate this trial pending adequate
funding. 

All
of these studies have been delayed due to our lack of revenues and funding. We will reassess our start and completion dates upon generating
a sufficient amount of revenues, if ever. 

ReceptoPharm
 Research and Development 

ReceptoPharm
was engaged in the research and development of novel anticholinergic therapeutic protein products for the treatment of autoimmune and
neurologic disorders, including Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Adrenomyeloneuropathy (AMN), Rheumatoid Arthritis
(RA) and pain. 

Drug
Applications 

We
have set forth below a summary of ReceptoPharm s proposed drugs and their potential applications. 

Drug 
 Potential
 Applications 
 
 RPI-78M 
 MS, AMN, Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA), Myasthenia
 Gravis (MG) and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) 
 
 RPI-MN 
 HIV, Herpes, general anti-viral applications 
 
 RPI-78 
 Pain, Arthritis 
 
 RPI-70 
 Pain 

We
believe that ReceptoPharm s pharmaceutical products have a wide range of applications in a number of chronic, inherited and/or
life-threatening viral, autoimmune and neuromuscular degenerative diseases, even though none of these products have FDA or other approval
for the treatment of such diseases. These disorders target nerve cells, especially one specific type of cell receptor that is sensitive
to the neurotransmitter, acetylcholine, which plays an important role in the transmission of nerve impulses at synapses and myoneural
(muscle-nerve) junctions. 

Primary
Disease Targets 

Through
ReceptoPharm s research program, our goal is to obtain required regulatory approvals of ReceptoPharm s HIV, MS, and AMN products,
so that they can be marketed. In September of 2015 we were granted Orphan Designation by the US-FDA for the treatment of Pediatric Multiple
Sclerosis. The Orphan designation may greatly reduce the costs of clinical trials and shorten the timeline to potential drug approval.
ReceptoPharm secures confidentiality agreements prior to initiating contract research in order to protect any patentable opportunities. 

Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) Infection 

The
analytic firm ResearchAndMarketing.com reported in March 2021 that t he HIV therapeutics market
was valued at 22.9B in 2019. The launch of long-acting injectable therapies and continued success of single-tablet regimens (STRs) will
drive growth in the market, which will expand at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 2 . By 2029, sales of anti-HIV therapeutics
will reach 28B. According to UNAIDS, an estimated 38 million people were living with HIV in 2019. There were 1.7 million new
infections in 2019 and 690,000 people died of AIDS-related illnesses. Since the beginning of the epidemic, more than 75.7 million people
have contracted HIV and nearly 33 million have died of HIV-related causes. Experts say that the drugs currently available may extend
life as much as 40 years, but all of these therapies have negative side effects and fail over time as the virus mutates. These facts
make new therapies a necessity. The foregoing information was obtained from the World Health Organization website at www.who.int and
the UNAIDS website at www.unaids.org. 

8 

To
cause infection, HIV needs to gain entry into cells through the attachment to receptors on the cell membrane. These receptors are called
 chemokine receptors . There are two principal types, CCR5 and CXCR4. Different HIV strains use one of these types. A single drug
that would block all of the chemokine receptors tropism-independent could be more useful, for several reasons, than a
mixture of molecules that would have to be used to do the same. 

HIV
infection therapy currently uses antiviral drug therapies that are associated with the virus s attachment, fusion with and entry
into the host cell. At the present time, there are over 40-licensed antiretroviral drugs employed to combat HIV-1 infection and two licensed
by the FDA that act as binding/entry inhibitory drugs. 

New
drugs and adjunct therapies with novel mechanisms of action or unique resistance profiles are needed in the fight against HIV. Constant
innovation, in terms of efficacy, side effect profile and dosing are occurring. Current research and development for HIV is focused on
adjunctive therapy, which when combined with existing HAART (Highly Active Anti-Retroviral Therapy) regimens reduce side effects, enhance
the efficacy of existing treatments and delay the progression of the HIV virus. 

Both
of ReceptoPharm s drugs inhibited HIV replication in MAGI cells by 50-60 and peripheral mononuclear cells by 90 in testing conducted
by Dr. Juan Lama of the La Jolla Institute for Molecular Medicine in San Diego, California. Separate Phase I studies by Cure Aids Now
of Miami, Florida, were conducted by Dr. Jamal with orally and parentally administered RPI-78M in HIV patients confirmed safety, tolerability
and provided preliminary evidence of efficacy. 

RPI-MN
demonstrated the ability to inhibit the replication of highly drug-resistant strains of HIV isolates. Drug resistance has become a critical
factor in long-term management of HIV infection with some viral strains developing resistance in as little as 3 weeks. 

Multiple
Sclerosis (MS) 

Multiple
Sclerosis (MS) is thought to be an autoimmune disease that primarily causes central nervous system problems. In MS, the insulating fatty
material surrounding the nerve fibers, also known as myelin, which functions to speed signaling from one end of the nerve cell to the
other, is attacked by cells of the immune system causing problems in signal transduction. MS is the most common of demyelinating disorders,
having a prevalence of approximately 1 per 1,000 persons in most of the United States and Europe. According to the Accelerated Cure Project
for Multiple Sclerosis, a national nonprofit organization, 400,000 people in the US are affected by MS and another 2.1 million globally,
with 10,000 new cases diagnosed in the US every year. According to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, although MS occurs most commonly
in adults, it is also diagnosed in children and adolescents. Estimates suggest that 8,000-10,000 children (up to 18 years old) in the
United States have MS, and another 10,000-15,000 have experienced at least one symptom suggestive of MS. Studies suggest that two to
five percent of all people with MS have a history of symptom onset before age 18. 

People
with MS may experience diverse signs and symptoms. MS symptoms may include pain, fatigue, cognitive impairment, tremors, loss of coordination
and muscle control, loss of touch sensation, slurred speech and vision impairment. The course of the disease is unpredictable and for
most MS patients, the disease initially manifests a relapsing-remitting pattern. Periods of apparent stability are punctuated
by acute exacerbations that are sudden unpredictable episodes that might involve impaired vision, diminished ability to control a limb,
loss of bladder control, or a great variety of other possible neurologic deficits. In relapsing-remitting MS, some or all of the lost
function returns, however, the patient sustains an unceasing, often insidious, accumulation of neuronal damage. As the burden of neural
damage grows, new lesions are more likely to produce irreversible impairment of function. Typically, about eight to fifteen years after
onset, MS patients enter the secondary-progressive phase. Eventually, progressive MS sufferers become wheelchair-bound, and may become
blind and even incapable of speech. There is currently no FDA approved drug that reverses the course of the progressive form of MS. 

RPI-78M
has shown efficacy in animal models (EAE) for MS and ReceptoPharm is planning new animal studies to gain more insight into the levels
of protection that the drugs afford. In one study conducted in August 2007, all members of an untreated animal control group developed
signs of disease with different levels of paralysis/muscle weakness. A similar group in the August 2007 study treated with RPI-78M showed
no disease in 90 of the animals in both acute and chronic applications of the test. Moreover, there were no toxicities reported though
the animals which received doses the equivalent of 280 times a human dose. 

Furthermore,
we believe that the ability to modulate the host immunostimulatory environment could form the basis of an effective strategy for the
long-term control of autoimmunity in diseases like MS and Myasthenia gravis (MG) and is being studied as a therapeutic model for other
neuromuscular diseases. Also, we believe our data suggest that it is possible that our novel therapeutic proteins could have a general
application in autoimmune diseases based on human studies in Rheumatoid Arthritis and anecdotal reports from patients with Multiple Sclerosis. 

9 

In
August of 1984, Biogenix applied for and received an Intrastate Investigational Drug (FSDHRS Protocol RA-1 (002)) from the Department
of Health and Rehabilitation (HRS) in Florida that permitted the 4-week study of RPI-MN in 13 patients with Rheumatoid arthritis ranging
in age from 49 to 81. Patients were enrolled for a period of 4 weeks; the results showed 30 to 49 improvement in range of joint motion,
early morning stiffness and stamina (this data, along with other supporting intellectual property was acquired by ReceptoPharm from Biogenix).
We believe that the data obtained from the examination of clinical efficacy in these three diseases can augment information from prior
clinical studies and lead to the future investigation of treatments for other chronic conditions. 

Adrenomyeloneuropathy
(AMN), Pediatric MS and other Orphan Indications 

Adrenoleukodystrophy,
or ALD, is a genetically determined neurological disorder that, according to the Adrenoleukodystrophy Foundation, affects 1 in every
17,900 boys worldwide. The presentation of symptoms occurs between the ages of 4 and 10, and affects the brain with demyelination, which
is the stripping away of the fatty coating that keeps nerve pulses confined and maintains the integrity of nerve signals. This process
inhibits the nerves ability to conduct properly, which causes neurological deficits, including visual disturbances, auditory discrimination,
impaired coordination, dementia and seizures. Demyelination is an inflammatory response and nerve cells throughout the brain are destroyed. 

Adrenomyeloneuropathy
(AMN) is the most common form of X-ALD, a maternally inherited type of ALD. AMN affects about 40-45 of X-ALD patients and usually presents
itself in adolescence or adult life and may be preceded by hypoadrenalism. It is characterized by spastic paraplegia and a peripheral
neuropathy, often being diagnosed as Multiple Sclerosis (MS). Nerve conduction studies in AMN show a predominant axonal neuropathy and
show a loss of all axons. Lorenzo s oil, a mixture of glyceryltrioleate and glyceryltrierucate, has been used for over a decade
in an open, unblinded fashion with mixed results. 

RPI-78M
has been utilized in two clinical studies, which were completed at the Charles Dent Metabolic Unit located in London, England. The last
trial was classified as a Phase IIb/IIIa study. These studies provided important safety data, showing RPI-78M to be well tolerated by
the patients. Further study is warranted to provide data on the potential efficacy of RPI-78M to treat the symptoms of AMN. 

In
September of 2015, we were granted Orphan Designation by the US-FDA for the treatment of Pediatric Multiple Sclerosis. We are currently
working with potential sites of care to conduct a Phase I/II in Pediatric MS. The designation of RPI-78M as an Orphan Drug provides Nutra
Pharma with a 7-year period of market exclusivity in the U.S. once the drug is approved. Additional benefits over conventional drug applications
include: tax credits for clinical research costs, the ability to apply for grant funding, clinical trial design assistance, plus assistance
from the FDA in the drug development process and the waiver of Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) filing fees which could be in excess
of 2.5 million. The granting of Orphan Drug Designation allows the Company to move forward with their preparation of an Investigative
New Drug Application and proposal of clinical trials. The FDA grants Orphan Drug Designation status to products that treat rare diseases,
providing incentives to sponsors developing drugs or biologics. According to the FDA, the Orphan Drug program has successfully enabled
the development and marketing of more than 400 drugs and biologic products for rare diseases since 1983. Evaluate Ltd., in its 2020 EvaluatePharma
Orphan Drug Report, estimated that orphan drug sales will constitute more than 18 of the total share of prescription drug sales by 2024,
totaling 217bn. 

In
December of 2015, we announced that we had applied for an Orphan Drug designation from the US-FDA for the Company s RPI-78M drug
candidate for the treatment of Myasthenia Gravis (MG). The application was subsequently rejected with an offer to re-file in the future
as more data becomes available. 

Pain
and Arthritis 

Protein
or peptide-based drugs are penetrating the pain market with neurotoxins taking the lead. Botox (Allergan) and Prialt (Elan) have the
potential to substitute over the long-term for morphine and other opiates in chronic pain indications. Opiates, though potent painkillers,
suffer from drawbacks because they are addictive, short acting, and drug-resistance inducing. We plan to assess the effects of several
peptides in animal models of pain in association with Soochow University in China. Several peptides have demonstrated positive effects
and the research and development continues. 

August
2007 studies at Soochow University proved the potential of ReceptoPharm s drug candidates, RPI-78 and RPI-70. When compared to
Dolantin, an opiate-based drug subordinate to morphine, the effects were very encouraging. While Dolantin provided immediate pain relief
it began wearing off just as RPI-70 began to take effect. The effects of RPI-70 do not seem dramatic in contrast to Dolantin, considering
the quantity of drug employed in this animal model. The concentration of RPI-70 was approximately 100 times less than the opiate product.
Also, RPI-70 showed real potential for combining with other pain killing medications. RPI-78 was calculated to be 150,000 times more
potent than aspirin. This product can be injected systemically providing evidence of a more practical application than Prialt, which
must be administered intrathecally (into the spinal cord). Opiate drugs induce tolerance and dependence. This problem is not encountered
with RPI-70 and RPI-78. 

10 

In
February 2009, ReceptoPharm filed a patent application with the United States Patent and Trademark Office for the use of RPI-78 as a
novel method for treating arthritis in humans. Also in February 2009, ReceptoPharm, in collaboration with Soochow University in China
published positive data from its recent animal studies on the use of RPI-78 (Cobratoxin) as a method for treating arthritis. In March
of 2011, ReceptoPharm was issued a patent for the use of cobratoxin as an analgesic (US patent #7,902,152). In February of 2012, ReceptoPharm,
in collaboration with Soochow University published another study that demonstrated a novel mechanism of action for the use of RPI-78
as a treatment for pain. 

Nerve
Agent Countermeasures 

In
February of 2018, we announced that we had filed a new provisional patent to protect our intellectual property surrounding the development
of nerve agent counter measures. In much the same way that our therapies protect the nerves of patients with disease, our findings indicate
that we may protect against or at least mitigate the damage caused by - nerve agents that are utilized as chemical weapons; such
as sarin gas and VX. We will be working with experts in the field to have our products in testing shortly. 

Nerve
agents are identified as a class of phosphorus-containing organic chemicals (organophosphates) that may disrupt the transfer of messages
to organs through the nerves. This disruption is caused by the over-stimulation of certain receptors on the surface of the neurons. These
same receptors are the target of Nutra Pharma s drugs, which may block the action of the nerve agents or minimize the damage that
they may cause. 

The
company has very encouraging preclinical data, a demonstrated molecular mechanism of action and a robust scientific rational for the
continued commercial development of its nerve agent counter measure. Organophosphate nerve agents such as VX and Sarin remain a troubling
threat to American service people and civilians as evidenced by the recent attacks in Syria, Malaysia and London. Supply chain issues
with existing counter measures and the safety and effectiveness of these drugs is a great concern. Based on our pre-clinical studies
and experience in neurobiology products, we believe that we have a superior product ready for testing in the near term. 

On
September 22, 2020, Dr. Dale VanderPutten, our Chief Scientific Officer was invited by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) to
present our nerve agent countermeasure technology in a Tech Watch talk to an audience of military and civilian experts in chem/bio defense.
The talk titled A Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor (nAChR) Directed Organophosphate Countermeasure was presented in a virtual
internet meeting to a select expert audience invited by DTRA. The consensus of the comments and questions on the presentation supported
the idea that despite past efforts, there remains an unmet need for nAChR directed defenses and that our demonstration of human safety
in the clinic and pre-clinical proof of concept deserves aggressive follow up. 

According
to a BBC report, chemical weapons remain a real threat to the West. I n the nine-year period since
the beginning of the Syrian conflict there have been over a thousand documented uses of chemical weapons; making this issue a major topic
of concern in the US department of Defense and the United Nations. 

Market
Values 

Human
Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) 

The
analytic firm ResearchAndMarketing.com reported in March 2021 that t he HIV therapeutics market
was valued at 22.9B in 2019. The launch of long-acting injectable therapies and continued success of single-tablet regimens (STRs) will
drive growth in the market, which will expand at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 2 . By 2029, sales of anti-HIV therapeutics
will reach 28B. According to UNAIDS, an estimated 38 million people were living with HIV in 2019. There were 1.7 million new
infections in 2019 and 690,000 people died of AIDS-related illnesses. Since the beginning of the epidemic, more than 75.7 million people
have contracted HIV and nearly 33 million have died of HIV-related causes. Experts say that the drugs currently available may extend
life as much as 40 years, but all of these therapies have negative side effects and fail over time as the virus mutates. These facts
make new therapies a necessity. The foregoing information was obtained from the World Health Organization website at www.who.int and
the UNAIDS website at www.unaids.org. 

Multiple
Sclerosis (MS) 

MS
affects an estimated 2.5 million people globally with approximately 400,000 sufferers in the United States. There are 12 approved drugs
for the treatment of this disease. According to an April 2015 article published in the journal Neurology , the average annual cost
of these drugs has increased to over 60,000 per person. In 2013, sales by one manufacturer, Teva, were reported to be 4.328 billion
for its drug, Copaxone. Biogen has the largest market share in the MS drug category; bringing in 8 billion from the sales of Avonex,
Tysabri and Tecfidera. The global multiple sclerosis therapeutics market is expected to reach USD 24.8 billion by 2024 according to a
May, 2016 report by Grand View Research, Inc. 

11 

Adrenomyeloneuropathy
(AMN) 

AMN/ALD
affects an estimated 30,000 people in the US with some estimates exceeding this number. 

Pediatric
Multiple Sclerosis (pediatric-MS) 

According
to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, although MS occurs most commonly in adults, it is also diagnosed in children and adolescents.
Estimates suggest that 8,000-10,000 children (up to 18 years old) in the United States have MS, and another 10,000-15,000 have experienced
at least one symptom suggestive of MS. Studies suggest that two to five percent of all people with MS have a history of symptom onset
before age 18. 

Myasthenia
Gravis (MG) 

According
to the Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America, the prevalence of MG in the United States is estimated to be about 64,000 patients. However,
MG is probably under diagnosed and the prevalence may be higher. 

Current
Technologies 

ReceptoPharm,
operating in its capacity as a clinical stage biotechnology company, created a process that safely modifies proteins derived from cobra
venom. ReceptoPharm also has rights to a drug delivery method that uses an aerosol formulation, which is administered under the tongue.
By using this shared aerosol delivery technology, oral delivery is attainable, an important step for a biologic product. The system is
50 efficient and affects drug delivery in approximately 40 of patients in which it was tested. Topical preparations are being examined
for future applications in treatment of such conditions as pain and Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA). 

Business
Strategy 

Pending
adequate financing or revenues, ReceptoPharm seeks to develop proprietary pharmaceutical products for human illnesses that qualify for
 Fast-Track or Orphan Drug status under FDA regulations, which can expedite regulatory review. For some conditions,
the FDA has created the two animal rule which permits ReceptoPharm to collect data from ongoing animal research for human
treatment applications. 

We
believe the results from ReceptoPharm s research will assist in getting its applications processed through the FDA s Fast-Track 
approval process and enable ReceptoPharm to plan the commercialization of each product independently and/or through joint ventures, partnerships
and licensing arrangements. Fast-Track denotes life-threatening illnesses, while Orphan status refers to
serious ailments affecting less than 200,000 individuals nationwide. AMN qualifies under both labels because it is considered an orphan
disease and has no known cure. Pediatric MS and Myasthenia Gravis are also considered Orphan diseases because of the disease
prevalence as well as the lack of effective therapies. 

In
the areas of HIV and MS, ReceptoPharm plans to conduct clinical studies of its HIV and MS drugs under development. These Phase
II studies will either prove or disprove the preliminary efficacy of ReceptoPharm s HIV and MS drugs under development.
ReceptoPharm is in the process of attempting to secure agreements with third parties to conduct such clinical studies. 

We
believe that ReceptoPharm s proposed unique pharmaceutical products can be used alone or licensed for use in combination with other
therapeutic products and may be of interest to other established pharmaceutical companies as a means of extending the patent life of
their proprietary products. 

Short-term
Goal 

Although
we focused our drug development efforts from 2006 to 2008 on clinical trials for ReceptoPharm s HIV drug, RPI-MN, our primary focus
now is on RPI-78M for the treatment of MS and MG. With the recent Orphan designation for Pediatric MS, we expect to move into Phase I/II
clinical studies by the end of 2021. 

Mid-term
Goal 

Our
midterm strategy is to license ReceptoPharm s AMN, MS and HIV technologies in our attempt to bring these technologies to market
within 5 years, should we obtain adequate financing. 

12 

Long-Term
Goal 

Our
long-term goal is the use of drugs developed by ReceptoPharm in the field of neurological diseases, infectious diseases and autoimmune
disorders. Due to our limited financial and operational resources, this goal will require us to establish strategic partners or alliances
with pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions, biotechnology companies, and clinical diagnostic laboratories, which will: (a)
complement ReceptoPharm s research and development efforts; (b) reduce the risks associated with undertaking the entire process
of drug development and marketing; and (c) generate licensing based revenue streams. Additionally, we plan to continue identifying intellectual
property and companies in the biotechnology arena as potential acquisition candidates. 

Compassionate
Release Programs 

Certain
countries, such as Canada and the United Kingdom, permit their citizens to have access to investigational medications without
being approved for any applications by their respective FDA type agencies, and permit physicians to prescribe drugs they
believe are of possible benefits to the patients. Through these Compassionate Release Programs , ReceptoPharm has
supplied RPI-78M, its drug under investigation for MS and AMN, to physicians in the United Kingdom. The FDA does not offer this program. 

Clinical
Trial Applications 

ReceptoPharm
has developed Common Technical Documents (CTD) for both RPI-78M and RPI-MN that are used to support any clinical trial application. The
CTD is a complete history of the individual drug, including all of the in-vitro and in-vivo work accomplished to date, as well as pre-clinical
development work on the drug. Having these completed documents allows for expedited due diligence from regulatory bodies reviewing ReceptoPharm s
applications for trials and approvals. With these documents, ReceptoPharm has successfully applied for approval to conduct a clinical
investigation in the United Kingdom under the regulation of the Medicines Health and Regulatory Agency (MHRA), which is the British equivalent
of the US-FDA. 

Current
Research and Development Projects 

Neurological
Studies 

Pain
Studies 

In
an effort to further support Nyloxin Extra Strength, ReceptoPharm had planned to complete two human clinical studies
aimed at comparing the ability of Nyloxin Extra Strength to replace prescription pain relievers. ReceptoPharm originally
estimated that these studies would begin during the second quarter of 2010; however, these studies have been delayed because of lack
of funding. We have no way of knowing at this time, if or when we will have adequate funding to reinitiate these trials. 

AMN
Phase II 

ReceptoPharm
has been conducting research and development in this area since February 2006 with an original expected completion date of September
2010, which includes a 12-month patient trial period that has already been completed. We have thus far expended approximately 400,000,
because ReceptoPharm has completed its AMN Phase II project, there is no further budget for this project. 

AMN
Phase III 

ReceptoPharm
had planned to continue research and development, with the ultimate goal of completing development of its future drug, RPI-78M. ReceptoPharm s
originally estimated start and completion dates are July 2010 and December 2011, respectively, which includes a 12-month patient trial
period. ReceptoPharm has thus far incurred costs of 5,000. ReceptoPharm has an estimated budget of 500,000. We have no way of knowing
at this time, if or when we will have adequate funding to reinitiate these trials. 

MS
Phase II (Pediatric MS Phase I/II) 

We
are working with our Chief Scientific Officer, Dale Vanderputten, PhD; along with consultants to begin our Phase I/Phase II studies in
pediatric Multiple Sclerosis. Pending adequate financing or revenues, ReceptoPharm will continue its research and development, with the
ultimate goal of commencing these trials with RPI-78M under its Orphan Designation. ReceptoPharm has thus far incurred costs of 40,000.
ReceptoPharm has an estimated budget of 2,000,000. Our goal is to initiate these trials in 2021. 

Currently,
ReceptoPharm s total estimated costs for all of the above projects are approximately 3,000,000. 

Since
receiving Orphan designation for the treatment of Pediatric MS, our plans have changed. We are now working with potential sites of care
to initiate a Phase I/II clinical trial in Pediatric MS. Our next step is to have a pre-IND meeting with the FDA to go over the proposed
trial protocols. It is our goal to begin these trials in 2021. 

13 

Dependence
on one or a Few Major Customers 

We
have no customers with respect to our research and development projects since we have not received FDA approval for our drug candidates
and have not licensed any of our technologies. 

Marketing 

We
currently do not have a marketing program for our drug candidates because none of ReceptoPharm s products have received FDA approval.
Our lack of financing has hampered our efforts to navigate the regulatory process in a timely fashion; however, if and when we have FDA-approved
drug treatments, we plan to develop a marketing strategy to market ReceptoPharm s products through pharmaceutical companies, other
biotechnology companies, and diagnostic laboratories. Our Chief Executive Officer will market the treatments to licensing and development
officers of those companies and will otherwise direct our marketing program. Additionally, we will attempt to secure consulting agreements
with marketing consultants who will actively market our products to such companies and/or provide our Chief Executive Officer with marketing
guidance. 

Potential
Revenue Segments 

Our
potential revenue segments are composed of our attempt to generate revenues from license agreements, joint ventures in foreign countries
and drug sales. 

To
date, we have not earned any revenues regarding any FDA drug candidate. 

Product
Liability 

We
maintain product liability insurance for our commercial products. Even so, product liability claims may result in significant legal costs
related to our defense of such actions if damage amounts exceed our product liability insurance coverage. The design, development, and
manufacture of drug products or diagnostic tests involves an inherent risk of product liability claims and corresponding damage to our
brand name reputation, including claims of product failure or harm caused by the drug product. 

Sources
and Availability of Raw Materials 

ReceptoPharm
uses the raw material, cobra venom, for the drugs that it studies and in the production of all of our over-the-counter products. We currently
have two US suppliers of cobra venom that we use according to product demand. In addition, there are other suppliers in China, Thailand
and India. ReceptoPharm s management is responsible for locating cobra venom suppliers on an as-needed basis, which involves obtaining
a small test amount from a supplier for scientific validation of that raw material prior to purchase. Apart from cobra venom, we do not
currently use raw materials in our business. 

Compliance
with Government Regulations and Need for Government Approval 

The
production and marketing of potential drug products as well as research and development activities generally are subject to regulation
by numerous governmental authorities in the United States and other countries. In the United States, vaccines, drugs and certain diagnostic
products are subject to FDA review of safety and efficacy. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act and
other federal statutes and regulations govern or influence the testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval,
advertising and promotion of such products. Noncompliance with applicable requirements can result in criminal prosecution and fines,
recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, or refusal of the government to approve Biological License
Applications BLAs ), Product License Applications PLAs ), New Drug Applications NDAs or refusal
to allow a company to enter into supply contracts. The FDA also has the authority to revoke product licenses and establishment licenses
previously granted. 

In
order to obtain FDA approval to market a new biological or pharmaceutical product, proof of product safety, purity, potency and efficacy,
and reliable manufacturing capability must be submitted. This requires companies to conduct extensive laboratory, pre-clinical and clinical
tests. This testing, as well as preparation and processing of necessary applications, is expensive, time-consuming and often takes several
years to complete. There is no assurance that the FDA will act favorably in making such reviews. Our potential partners, or we, may encounter
significant difficulties or costs in their efforts to obtain FDA approvals, which could delay or preclude from marketing any products
that may be developed. The FDA may also require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the effects of marketed products or
place conditions on any approvals that could restrict the commercial applications of such products. Product approvals may be withdrawn
if problems occur following initial marketing, such as, compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained. Delays imposed by governmental
marketing approval processes may materially reduce the period during which a company will have the exclusive right to exploit patented
products or technologies. Refusals or delays in the regulatory process in one country may make it more difficult and time consuming to
obtain marketing approvals in other countries. 

14 

The
FDA approval process for a new biological or pharmaceutical drug involves completion of preclinical studies and the submission of the
results of these studies to the FDA in an Initial New Drug application, which must be approved before human clinical trials may be conducted.
The results of preclinical and clinical studies on biological or pharmaceutical drugs are submitted to the FDA in the form of a BLA,
PLA or NDA for product approval to commence commercial sales. In responding to a BLA, PLA or NDA, the FDA may require additional testing
or information, or may deny the application. In addition to obtaining FDA approval for each biological or chemical product, an Establishment
License Application ELA must be filed and the FDA must inspect and license the manufacturing facilities for each product.
Product sales may commence only when both BLA/ PLA/ NDA and ELA are approved. In certain instances in which a treatment for a rare disease
or condition is concerned, the manufacturer may request the FDA to grant the drug product Orphan Drug status for a particular use. Orphan
Drug status refers to serious ailments affecting less than 250,000 individuals. In this event, the developer of the drug may request
grants from the government to defray the costs of certain expenses related to the clinical testing of such drug and be entitled to marketing
exclusivity and certain tax credits. 

In
order to gain broad acceptance in the marketplace of a medical device, our partners or we will need to receive approval from the FDA
and other equivalent regulatory bodies outside of the United States. This approval will be based upon clinical testing programs at major
medical centers. Data obtained from these institutions will enable us, or our partners, to apply to the FDA for acceptance of its technology
as a device through a 510(k) application or exemption process. Once the data have been fully gleaned, it is expected that
this process would take ninety days. 

According
to the FDA, a device is: an instrument, apparatus, implement, machine, contrivance, implant, in vitro reagent, or
other similar or related article, including a component part, or accessory which is recognized in the official National Formulary, or
the United States Pharmacopoeia, or any supplement to them, intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the
cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease, in man or other animals, or intended to affect the structure or any function of
the body of man or other animals, and which does not achieve any of its primary intended purposes through chemical action within or on
the body of man or other animals and which is not dependent upon being metabolized for the achievement of any of its primary intended
purposes. 

The
FDA classifies devices as either Class I/II-exempt, Class II, or Class III. 

Class
III: Pre-Marketing Approval, or PMA: A Pre-Marketing Approval or PMA is the most stringent type of device marketing application required
by FDA. A PMA is an application submitted to FDA to request clearance to market, or to continue marketing of a Class III medical device.
A PMA is usually required for products with which FDA has little previous experience and in such cases where the safety and efficacy
must be fully demonstrated on the product. The level of documentation is more extensive than for a 510(k) application and the review
timeline is usually longer. Under this level of FDA approval, the manufacturing facility will be inspected as well as the clinical sites
where the clinical trials are being or have been conducted. All the appropriate documents have to be compiled and available on demand
by the FDA. The manufacturing facility is registered with the FDA and the product or device is registered with the FDA. 

Class
II: 510(k). This is one level down from the PMA and it is applied to devices with which the FDA has had previous experience. A 510(k)
is a pre-marketing submission made to FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective, that is, substantially
equivalent, to a legally marketed device that is not subject to pre-market approval. Applicants must compare their 510(k) device to one
or more similar devices currently on the U.S. market and make and support their substantial equivalency claims. The legally marketed
device to which equivalence is drawn is known as the predicate device. Applicants must submit descriptive data and, when
necessary, performance data to establish that their device is SE to a predicate device. Again, the data in a 510(k) is to show comparability,
that is, substantial equivalency (SE) of a new device to a predicate device. Under this level of approval, the manufacturing facility
is registered with the FDA and the product or device is registered with the FDA. Inspections under this classification are possible.
All the appropriate cGMP and clinical data backing the claims made must be on file and available on demand by the FDA. 

Class
I/II Exemption: This is the lowest level of scrutiny. Most Class I devices and a few Class II devices are exempt from the pre-marketing
notification requirements subject to the limitations on exemptions. However, these devices are not exempt from other general controls.
All medical devices must be manufactured under a quality assurance program, be suitable for the intended use, be adequately packaged
and properly labeled, and have establishment registration and device listing forms on file with the FDA. However, as described above,
all the appropriate documentation including cGMP and clinical data supporting the claims being made has to be on hand and available on
demand by the FDA. The data must be available to support all the product claims. 

Sales
of biological and pharmaceutical products and medical devices outside the United States are subject to foreign regulatory requirements
that vary widely from country to country. Whether or not FDA approval has been obtained, approval of a product or a device by a comparable
regulatory authority of a foreign country must generally be obtained prior to the commencement of marketing in that country. 

15 

Effect
of Compliance with Federal, State, and Local Provisions for the Protection of the Environment 

We
have no present or anticipated direct future costs associated with environmental compliance, since we are not and will not be directly
involved in manufacturing drug products as result of our research and development; however, we may be affected in the percentage licensing
fees we receive, since a company may consider the environmental expense as an offset to a determination of the percentage amount we receive.
ReceptoPharm produces a drug that has limited waste issues and related costs, but handles environmentally related matters through the
FDA s Good Manufacturing Practices, the FDA mandated guidelines pertaining to the production of drugs in the United States. 

Ability
to Compete 

The
biotechnology research and development field is extremely competitive and is characterized by rapid change. Our competitors have substantially
greater financial, scientific, and human resources, and as a result greater research and product development capabilities. Our competitors
have competitive advantages with greater potential to develop revenue streams. Our competitors are located in the United States as well
as around the world. We will attempt to compete by establishing strategic partners or alliances with pharmaceutical companies, academic
institutions, biotechnology companies, and clinical diagnostic laboratories, which will enter into joint ventures, emphasizing that the
drugs RPI-MN and RPI-78M possess the following properties: 

They
 lack measurable toxicity but are still capable of attaching to and affecting the target site on the nerve cells. This means that
 patients cannot overdose. 

They
 display no significant adverse side effects following years of investigations in humans and animals. 

The
 products are stable and resistant to heat, which gives the drug a long shelf life. The drugs stability has been determined
 to be over 4 years at room temperature. 

RPI-78M
can be administered orally; however, ReceptoPharm has not yet developed an orally administered RPI-78M. RPI-78M has been routinely delivered
by injection in a manner similar to insulin, but research over the past two years has given rise to administration by mouth. Oral delivery
presents patients with additional quality of life benefits by eliminating or decreasing the requirements for routine injections.
Should we receive adequate funding, ReceptoPharm plans to develop an orally administered RPI-78M by initiating new trials with an oral
version of that drug. 

Main
Competitors (Biologics) 

Competition
is intense among companies that develop and market products based on advanced cellular and molecular biology. ReceptoPharm s competitors,
including Amgen, Sanofi-Aventis, Biogen-Idec, Cephalon, Genetech, Genzyme, Novartis, Regeneron and Bayer, which have far superior financial,
technological and operational resources. We face significant competition from these and other biotechnology and pharmaceutical firms
in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. Certain specialized biotechnology firms have also entered into cooperative arrangements with
major companies for development and commercialization of products, creating an additional source of competition. 

Any
products or technologies that successfully address viral or neurological indications could negatively impact the market potential for
RPI-78M or RPI-MN. These include products that could receive approval for indications similar to those for which RPI-78M or RPI-MN seeks
approval, development of biologic or pharmaceutical treatments that are more effective than existing treatments and the development of
other modalities with reduced toxicity and side effects. 

Interferon-based
drugs and their indications represent target markets for ReceptoPharm. Sales of interferon-based drugs annually exceed 8 billion and
have attracted the participation of several major drug companies, including Bayer and Roche. Currently, there are eight interferon-based
drugs licensed in Canada and the U.S.; five for the treatment of the milder Relapsing-Remitting form of MS, one for Hepatitis C, one
for granulomatous disease and one for genital warts. These interferons are also used in the treatment of other conditions where treatment
options are limited. The interferons for MS are Betaseron (Bayer), Avonex (Biogen), Plegridy (Biogen), Extavia (Novartis) and Rebif (EMD
Serono). Since the launch of these drugs, the number of patients undergoing treatment has stabilized at current levels, indicating that
there is a high turnover rate of patients in the administration of these individual drugs due to cost and side effects. Biogen developed
Avonex in the early 1990 s and has been shipping the drug since late 1996. In the United Kingdom, the National Institute for Clinical
Efficiency (NICE) has called for the withdrawal of Betaseron and another unrelated drug, Copaxone (Teva), from the market based on poor
cost/effectiveness. 

Gilead
Sciences markets Harvoni as a cure for Hepatitis C. It combines two drugs: Sovaldi (sofosbuvir) and ledipasvir. Harvoni
is taking over the market as Gilead has turned Hepatitis C into a curable illness and has generated over 25B in sales. 

16 

Main
Competitors (Venom-Based Drugs) 

We
view our main competitors as those who also engage in the development of protein-based neurotoxins as therapeutics. Employing venoms
as therapeutics is not new . A large number of well-known pharmaceutical companies are developing novel therapies derived from
snake venoms and other reptiles. Most of those using snake venoms employ the anticoagulant enzymes usually from viperids (adders and
rattlesnakes) though elapids (cobra family) are also being investigated. 

We
have set forth below a summary of venom-based drugs and their potential applications. 

Company 
 Drug 
 Application 
 
 Pentapharm 
 Batroxobin 
 Anticoagulant from Lancehead viper 
 
 Knoll Pharmaceutical 
 Ancrod 
 Anticoagulant from rattlesnakes 
 
 Bristol-Myers Squibb 
 Capoten 
 Antihypertensive from Brazilian Pit Viper 
 
 Medicure 
 Aggrastat 
 Antiplatelet drug from vipers 
 
 Millennium Pharmaceutical 
 Integrilin 
 Antiplatelet drug from rattlesnakes 
 
 Amylin Pharmaceuticals 
 Byetta 
 Treatment for type 2 diabetes and obesity from
 Gila Monster 
 
 Elan Pharmaceuticals 
 Prialt 
 Intrathecal drug from cone snails for intractable
 pain 

Current
cobra venom-based therapies include Keluoqu, a pain-killing drug on the market in China since 1978. Keluoque contains cobrotoxin as its
primary ingredient and is used to control severe pain in advanced cancer patients and for post-operative pain. 

Bio-Therapeutics,
Inc. 

On
October 3, 2003, we entered into a non-assignable license agreement between Bio-Therapeutics, Inc. 
Bio-Therapeutics and us, which was then amended to make the license agreement assignable. This agreement was in
settlement of a lawsuit that we filed against Bio-Therapeutics alleging that Bio-Therapeutics owed us 850,000 in connection with a
merger agreement between Bio-Therapeutics and us that was cancelled. 

The
2003 license agreement provides that for a non-exclusive license to certain intellectual property of Bio-Therapeutics, which consists
of the following two distinct technology platforms: 

Alteration
 of Proteins and Peptides - These include patented methods for altering the 3-Dimensional structure of certain proteins and peptides.
 The natural peptides bind to receptors in the body with toxic effects. This technology allows us to alter the structure of these
 peptides, preserving their receptor-binding characteristics, while making them non-toxic and therapeutic. Different receptors have
 various functions in many disease states. By the peptides binding to these receptors in a controlled fashion, certain disease symptoms
 may be treated. In connection with MS, binding to the acetylcholine receptor on the nerves allows for more efficient nerve conduction.
 With HIV, binding to chemokine receptors may prevent the virus from entering and infecting new cells. 

Non-
 Exclusive License for Buccal Delivery System Buccal An innovative aerosolized drug delivery
 system that is patent pending. Many therapeutic agents cannot be effectively delivered by aerosol formulation due to their large
 size and/or irregular shapes. Since these therapeutic agents cannot be ingested orally without being degraded by the digestive system,
 patients have no alternative but to directly inject these drugs. We have a non-exclusive license to the Buccal patent pending proprietary
 aerosol formulation, which greatly enhances the permeability of the mucous membranes found on the roof of the mouth and the back
 of the throat. This allows for the easy and efficient systemic delivery into the bloodstream of a much wider variety of proteins
 and peptides. This non-exclusive license for Buccal Delivery System and patent pending application includes claims
 that identify the active mucosal enhancer, its combination with therapeutic agents and the mode of delivery through aerosol. This
 may allow for the effective and pain-free delivery of peptide and protein therapeutics for the treatment of HIV and MS. 

Patents,
Trademarks, Licenses and Intellectual Property 

We
have the following patents expiring at various dates indicated below: 

Bio-Therapeutics
Patents 

We
hold the license to certain intellectual property belonging to Bio-Therapeutics that has either been granted a patent or is in the patent
application process as follows: 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,989,857, Polypeptide compositions and methods was granted in November 1999 with 10 claims. The patent outlines a method
of preparing a bioactive polypeptide in a stable, inactivated form, the method comprising the step of treating the polypeptide with ozonated
water in order to oxidize and/or stabilize the cysteine residues, and in turn, prevent the formation of disulfide bridges necessary for
bioactivity. This patent expired on May 10, 2016. 

17 

U.S.
Patent No. 6,670,148, Compositions comprising bioactive peptides prepared without formation of native disulfide bonds was granted in
December 2003, with 9 claims. The patent further describes a method of preparing a bioactive polypeptide in a stable, inactivated form,
the method comprising the step of treating the polypeptide with ozonated water in order to oxidize and/or stabilize the cysteine residues,
and in turn, prevent the formation of disulfide bridges necessary for bioactivity. The method can involve the use of ozonated water to
both oxidize the disulfide bridges in a bioactive polypeptide, and to then stabilize the resultant cysteine residues. Optionally, and
preferably, the method can involve the use of ozonated water to stabilize the cysteine residues, and thereby prevent the formation of
disulfide bridges, in a polypeptide produced by recombinant means in a manner that allows the polypeptide to be recovered with the disulfide
bridges unformed. This Patent expired on May 10, 2016. 

U.S.
Patent Application Number 11/415377, Buccal Delivery System, with 20 claims. The patent describes a delivery formulation and system for
delivering inactivated bioactive peptides to the body. The formulation includes effective amounts of the peptide as well as a mucosal
permeation enhancer selected from the group consisting of quaternary ammonium salts. The system can be used by spraying the formulation
into the buccal cavity, e.g., to the roof of the mouth. This application is currently listed as abandoned as of December 2009. 

U.S.
Patent Application Number 11/431126, Immunokine composition and method with 31 claims. The patent describes a composition and method
for preventing HIV infection of mammalian cells. One aspect of the invention relates to an anti-immunodeficiency virus immunokine capable
of binding to a cellular protein in a manner that prevents HIV infection of that cell. The compositions can include either an active
bioactive polypeptide, such as native cobratoxin, and/or an inactivated bioactive polypeptide, such as cobratoxin in which one or more
of the native disulfide bridges have been prevented from forming. The term immunokine is used to refer to an inactivated
bioactive polypeptide, whether inactivated by chemical, genetic, and/or synthetic means as described herein, with the proviso that a
corresponding active bioactive polypeptides can be included where applicable (e.g., for in vitro use). This application is currently
listed as abandoned as of June 2009. 

ReceptoPharm
Patents 

ReceptoPharm
has three issued and several patents pending with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. These patents include: 

U.S.
Patent No. 8,034,777, Modified Anticholinergic Neurotoxins as Modulators of the Autoimmune Reaction was granted in October 2011with 7
claims. The patent describes a method of treatment of a human patient suffering from Multiple Sclerosis comprising the administration
of a disease-mitigating amount of a composition consisting of detoxified and modified alpha-cobratoxin in a saline solution. This patent
is meant to protect and support our work in the production of drugs for the treatment of auto-immune diseases. 

U.S.
Patent No. 7,902,152, Use of cobratoxin as an analgesic was granted in March 2011 with 16 claims. The patent describes a composition
of matter for an analgesic and its method of use is disclosed. The method of use is for the treatment of chronic pain, especially to
the treatment of heretofore intractable pain as associated with advanced cancer. The pain associated with neurological conditions, rheumatoid
arthritis, viral infections and lesions is also contemplated. The method includes administering to a host an alpha-neurotoxin that is
characterized by its ability to blocking of the action of acetylcholine at nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Currently, this would be
applied to the Company s current and future drugs for the treatment of pain. 

U.S.
Patent No. 7,758,894, Modified elapid venoms as stimulators of the immune reaction was granted in July, 2010 with 14 claims. The patent
describes a method of protection from infections by administering a detoxified and neurotropically active modified venom containing alpha-cobratoxin.
Protection includes bacterial, viral and parasitic infections. This patent is meant to protect and support our work in our production
of anti-infective treatments. Currently, this would be applied to RPI-MN and RPI-78. 

U.S.
Patent Application Number 11/217,713, Modified venom and venom components as anti-retroviral agents with 10 claims was filed in September
2005. The present invention describes a method of treatment of human subject suffering from infection with HIV, comprising administering
a disease mitigating amount of a detoxified, modified cobra venom composition in an amount effective to ameliorate at least one symptom
of said infection. This patent is meant to protect and support our work in the production of anti-viral treatments. Currently, this would
be applied to RPI-MN and RPI-78. 

U.S.
Patent Application Number 11/784,607, Treatment of Autoimmune Disorders Using Detoxified Cobratoxin was filed in April 2007. The patent
describes a method of treating patients suffering from autoimmune disorders comprising the administration of detoxified cobra venom.
This patent is meant to protect and support our work in the production of drugs for the treatment of auto-immune diseases. Currently,
this would be applied to RPI-78MN. 

18 

U.S.
Patent Application Number 12/317,115, Alpha-neurotoxin Proteins with Anti-inflammatory Properties and Uses Thereof was filed in December
2008. The patent describes a method of treating an arthritic condition comprising the administration to a subject in need thereof an
effective amount of a pharmaceutical composition comprising an isolated alpha-neurotoxin protein or an effective fragment thereof. This
patent is meant to protect and support our work in the production of drugs for the treatment of inflammatory diseases. 

Patents
Assigned to Us by Nanologix, Inc. 

Because
we have focused on our drugs, we have not continued any activity in our former Designer Diagnostics division since June 2011. As results
become available through the validation process taking place at National Jewish Hospital in Denver and funding becomes available, we
may revisit the technology and re-engage our efforts in Designer Diagnostics. 

On
January 24, 2006, we entered into an Agreement with NanoLogix whereby we exchanged our entire holding of NanoLogix common stock
for intellectual property pertaining to the manufacture of test kits for the rapid isolation, detection and antibiotic sensitivity testing
of certain mycobacteria. The agreement provides that: (a) NanoLogix has reassigned to us 11 key patents protecting the diagnostics test
kit technology in exchange for our entire holding of NanoLogix stock represented by 4,556,174 shares of that stock; (b) NanoLogix has
licensed to us the remaining 18 patents that protect the diagnostics test kit technology in exchange for a 6 royalty on the gross sales
of the products based on the licensed technology or escalating minimum payments starting at 20,000 annually; (c) we issued to NanoLogix
1 million options of our restricted common stock at .20 per share; and (d) we will allow NanoLogix to continue their use of these patents
for development of their hydrogen technology and other technologies unrelated to medical diagnostic test kits. 

On
or about July 2009, we ceased paying the minimum royalties to Nanologix for the licensed patents and have allowed full rights to those
patents to revert back to Nanologix. 

We
own 11 issued U.S. patents covering technologies related to growing, detecting, identifying, defining antibiotic sensitivity and designing
apparatus for the detection of 32 different paraffin-eating microorganisms that were assigned to us by Nanologix, Inc. These patents
will be used by our wholly owned subsidiary, Designer Diagnostics, should it again become operational. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,989,902, Method for determining the antimicrobial agent sensitivity of a nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism and
an associated apparatus was granted in November 1999 with 3 claims. The patent describes a method for determining a sensitivity of a
nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism to an antimicrobial agent. The method includes providing at least one receptacle containing
an aqueous broth including a carbon source and introducing the nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism into the receptacle. The
method further includes placing into the receptacle (i) a slide coated with a hydrophobic material and (ii) a predetermined quantity
of the antimicrobial agent to be tested. By observing the nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism growth or lack thereof on the
slide, it can be determined whether the predetermined quantity of the antimicrobial agent is effective in inhibiting growth of the nonparaffinophilic
hydrophobic microorganism on the slide. An associated apparatus is also disclosed. This Patent expired on November 13, 2017. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,981,210, Method for determining a presence or absence of a nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism in a body specimen
by using a DNA extraction procedure and a novel DNA extraction procedure was granted in November 1999 with 17 claims. The method of the
invention involves providing a first receptacle and a second receptacle. The first receptacle contains a sterile aqueous broth and the
second receptacle contains an aqueous broth including a carbon source. The method then includes placing into the first receptacle a first
support surface having a paraffin wax coating thereon and placing into the second receptacle a second support surface having a hydrophobic
material coating thereon. A body specimen, such as sputum, is then introduced into each of the first and second receptacles. The presence
of a nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism in the body specimen is determined by observing (i) a lack of microorganism growth
on the paraffin coated material of the first support surface and (ii) a presence of microorganism growth on the hydrophobic material
coating of the second support surface. The presence of the nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism can be further confirmed by performing
a DNA extraction. An associated DNA extraction procedure is also provided. This Patent expired on November 13, 2017. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,935,806, Method and apparatus for speciating and identifying MAI (Mycobacterium Avium Intracellulare) and testing the same
for antibiotic sensitivity was granted in August 1999 with 3 claims. The patent describes a method of speciating and identifying MAI
in a specimen comprises placing a paraffin coated slide in a receptacle containing a sterile aqueous solution inoculated with the specimen,
analyzing the slide after exposure to the specimen to determine the presence or absence of atypical Mycobacteria, and after the analysis
step, if atypical Mycobacteria are determined to be present, performing at least one speciation assay to ascertain if the atypical Mycobacteria
are MAI. A related apparatus is also disclosed for speciating and identifying MAI in a specimen comprising a paraffin-wax coated slide,
a tube having a sterile aqueous solution contained therein, the tube adapted to hold the slide, and at least one speciation assay means
for performing an assay to determine the presence or absence of MAI in the specimen after the specimen is introduced into the tube holding
the solution and the slide. An apparatus and method for determining the sensitivity of MAI to different antibiotics and dosages thereof
is also provided. This Patent expired on October 24, 2009 for failure to timely pay maintenance fees. 

19 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,882,920, Apparatus for determining the presence or absence of a paraffinophilic microorganism was granted in March 1999
with 4 claims. The patent describes a method of determining the presence of a paraffinophilic microorganism in a specimen taken from
a patient. The method includes providing a receptacle containing an aqueous solution and adjusting the solution to mimic the in vivo
clinical conditions of the patient. The method then further includes inoculating the solution with the specimen and then placing in the
receptacle a paraffin coated slide to bait the paraffinophilic microorganism. The slide is then analyzed after exposure to the specimen
to determine the presence or absence of the paraffinophilic microorganism. An associated apparatus is also disclosed. This Patent expired
on November 9, 2015. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,854,014, Apparatus for testing paraffinophilic microorganisms for antimicrobial sensitivity was granted in December 1998
with 2 claims. The patent describes an apparatus for determining the antimicrobial agent sensitivity of a paraffinophilic microorganism
from a specimen obtained from a patient. The apparatus includes a receptacle containing an aqueous solution, an amount of antimicrobial
agent to be tested and the specimen. The apparatus further consists of a paraffin coated slide placed into the receptacle. This Patent
expired October 24, 2009 for failure to timely pay maintenance fees. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,846,760, Method for determining a presence or absence of a nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism in a body specimen
and an associated kit was granted in December 1998 with 15 claims. The method of the invention involves providing a first receptacle
and a second receptacle. The first receptacle contains a sterile aqueous broth and the second receptacle contains an aqueous broth including
a carbon source. The method then includes placing into the first receptacle a first support surface having a paraffin wax coating thereon
and placing into the second receptacle a second support surface having a hydrophobic material coating thereon. A body specimen, such
as sputum, is then introduced into each of the first and second receptacles. The presence of a nonparaffinophilic hydrophobic microorganism
in the body specimen is determined by observing (i) a lack of microorganism growth on the paraffin coated material of the first support
surface and (ii) a presence of microorganism growth on the hydrophobic material coating of the second support surface. An associated
kit is also disclosed. This Patent expired on November 13, 2017. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,776,722, Method of testing a body specimen taken from a patient for the presence or absence of a microorganism and a further
associated method and associated apparatus was granted in July 1998 with 40 claims. The patent describes a method of testing a body specimen
taken from a patient for the presence or absence of a microorganism. A transport/isolator assembly is provided which includes a receptacle
and a baiting assembly including a baiting section having disposed thereon a coating material. A baiting liquid and the body specimen
are then introduced into the receptacle. The method further comprises securing the baiting assembly to the receptacle so that at least
a portion of the coated section is introduced into the baiting liquid. The transport/isolator assembly containing the baiting liquid
and the body specimen are then transported to a laboratory for subsequent observation of the coated section for growth or lack thereof
of the microorganism. A further method of processing the body specimen and an associated isolator/transport assembly kit as well as an
associated isolator/transport assembly are also disclosed. This Patent expired on September 25, 2017. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,569,592, Apparatus for testing MAI (Mycobacterium Avium Intracellulare) for antimicrobial agent sensitivity was granted
in October 1996 with 3 claims. The patent describes an apparatus for determining the sensitivity of MAI to different antimicrobial agents
and dosages thereof is provided. The apparatus comprises a plurality of test tubes adapted to contain an amount of an antimicrobial agent
to be tested and MAI complex organisms to be assayed and a separate paraffin coated slide adapted for placement in each of the test tubes.
The growth of the MAI complex organisms on the slide can be used to determine the concentration of the antimicrobial agent necessary
to resist MAI complex organism growth on the slide. An associated method is also disclosed. This Patent expired on October 29, 2013. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,472,877, Apparatus for determining the presence or absence of MAI (Mycobacterium Avium Intracellulare) was granted in December
1995 with 6 claims. The patent describes a method of speciating and identifying MAI in a specimen comprises placing a paraffin coated
slide in a receptacle containing a sterile aqueous solution inoculated with the specimen, analyzing the slide after exposure to the specimen
to determine the presence or absence of atypical Mycobacteria, and after the analysis step, if atypical Mycobacteria are determined to
be present, performing at least one speciation assay to ascertain if the atypical Mycobacteria are MAI. A related apparatus is also disclosed
for speciating and identifying MAI in a specimen comprising a paraffin-wax coated slide, a tube having a sterile aqueous solution contained
therein, the tube adapted to hold the slide, and at least one speciation assay means for performing an assay to determine the presence
or absence of MAI in the specimen after the specimen is introduced into the tube holding the solution and the slide. An apparatus and
method for determining the sensitivity of MAI to different antibiotics and dosages thereof is also provided. This Patent expired on December
5, 2012. 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,316,918, Method and apparatus for testing MAI (Mycobacterium Avium Intracellulare) for antimicrobial agent sensitivity was
granted in May 1994 with 7 claims. The patent describes an apparatus and method for determining the sensitivity of MAI to different antimicrobial
agents and dosages thereof is provided. The apparatus comprises a plurality of test tubes adapted to contain an amount of an antimicrobial
agent to be tested and MAI complex organisms to be assayed and a separate paraffin coated slide adapted for placement in each of the
test tubes. The growth of the MAI complex organisms on the slide can be used to determine the concentration of the antimicrobial agent
necessary to resist MAI complex organism growth on the slide. An associated method is also disclosed. This Patent expired on May 31,
2011. 

20 

U.S.
Patent No. 5,153,119, Method for speciating and identifying MAI (Mycobacterium Avium Intracellulare) was granted in October 1992 with
15 claims. The patent describes a method of speciating and identifying MAI in a specimen comprises placing a paraffin coated slide in
a receptacle containing a sterile aqueous solution inoculated with the specimen, analyzing the slide after exposure to the specimen to
determine the presence or absence of atypical Mycobacteria, and after the analysis step, if atypical Mycobacteria are determined to be
present, performing at least one speciation assay to ascertain if the atypical Mycobacteria are MAI. A related apparatus is also disclosed
for speciating and identifying MAI in a specimen comprising a paraffin-wax coated slide, a tube having a sterile aqueous solution contained
therein, the tube adapted to hold the slide, and at least one speciation assay means for performing an assay to determine the presence
or absence of MAI in the specimen after the specimen is introduced into the tube holding the solution and the slide. An apparatus and
method for determining the sensitivity of MAI to different antibiotics and dosages thereof is also provided. This Patent expired on October
24, 2009. 

Our
business is dependent upon our ability to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary
rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to obtain and use proprietary information. We will rely on patent and trade secret law and nondisclosure
and other contractual arrangements to protect such proprietary information. We will file patent applications for our proprietary methods
and devices for patient treatments. Our efforts to protect our proprietary technologies and processes are subject to significant risks,
including that others may independently develop equivalent proprietary information and techniques, gain access to our proprietary information,
our proprietary information being improperly disclosed, or that we may ineffectively protect our rights to unpatented trade secrets or
other proprietary information. 

Employees 

We
employ a total of 4 employees, consisting of: (a) our Chief Executive Officer (b) Our Director of Marketing (c) our Chief Scientific
Officer, and (d) our Warehouse Manager. We utilize outside consultants, legal and accounting personnel as necessary and as funding permits. 

Report
to Security Holders 

We
are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Accordingly, we file annual, quarterly and other
reports and information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You may read and obtain a copy of these reports in Washington, D.C.
Our filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services and the Internet world wide website maintained
by the Securities and Exchange Commission at www.sec.gov. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below regarding our operations, financial condition, financing, our common stock and other
matters. If any of the following or other material risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results or operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is in doubt absent obtaining adequate new debt or equity financing and achieving sufficient sales
levels. 

We
incurred net losses of 6,591,442 and 3,884,695 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. We anticipate that these losses
will continue for the foreseeable future. We have a significant working capital deficiency, and have not reached a profitable level of
operations, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our continued existence is dependent upon
our achieving sufficient sales levels of our Nyloxin and Pet Pain Away products and obtaining adequate financing. Unless
we can begin to generate material revenue, we may not be able to remain in business. We cannot assure you that we will raise enough money
or generate sufficient sales to meet our future working capital needs. 

We
have a limited revenue producing history with significant losses and expect losses to continue for the foreseeable future. 

We
have yet to establish any history of profitable operations. We have incurred annual losses of 6,591,442 and 3,884,695 during
the fiscal years of operations ending December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. As a result, at December 31, 2019, we had an accumulated
deficit of 67,864,284. Our revenues have been insufficient to sustain our operations and we expect our revenues will be insufficient
to sustain our operations for the foreseeable future. Our potential profitability will require the successful commercialization of our
Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products; or a potential licensing of our therapies under development. 

21 

We
will require additional financing to sustain our operations and without it will be unable to continue operations. 

At
December 31, 2019, we had a working capital deficit of 10,931,827. Our recurring losses from operations and working capital
deficiency raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have a negative cash flow from operations of
approximately 0.70 million and 1.00 million for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We have insufficient financial
resources to fund our operations. 

We
have a history of failed distributors, which has negatively affected our revenues and may continue to do so if we fail to locate a successful
distributor. 

Due
to poor performance, we cancelled our distribution agreement with our Cobroxin distributor, XenaCare in April 2011. We
plan to re-launch Cobroxin , but we have not yet ordered product or provided planned sales. To date, we have only limited
sales of Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away through outside distributors. If we fail to improve our own marketing and distribution
or fail to find a competent outside distributor our operations and financial condition will be negatively affected. 

If
we cannot sell a sufficient volume of our products, we will be unable to continue in business. 

From
October 2009 until December 31, 2019, our operations centered on the marketing of Cobroxin (our discontinued product),
Nyloxin and Nyloxin Extra Strength. In December of 2014, we launched Pet Pain-Away and began actively
marketing the product. During fiscal year 2019, we earned revenues of 104,393, 44,269 of it was from sales of Nyloxin 
and 60,124 of it was from sales of Pet Pain-Away. During fiscal year 2018, we earned revenues of 130,596, 89,166 of it was from sales
of Nyloxin and 41,430 of it was from sales of Pet Pain-Away If we cannot achieve sufficient sales levels of our Nyloxin 
 and Pet Pain-Away products or we are unable to secure financing our operations will be negatively affected. 

We
have a limited history of generating revenues on which to evaluate our potential for future success and to determine if we will be able
to execute our business plan; accordingly, it is difficult to evaluate our future prospects and the risk of success or failure of our
business. 

Our
total sales of Cobroxin from November 2009 are 1,995,673, with no significant sales since the second quarter of 2010.
Our total sales of Nyloxin from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2019 are 1,657,375. Our total sales of Pet Pain-Away
from December 2014 to December 31, 2019 are 138,453. You must consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties
we will encounter as an early-stage revenue producing company. These risks include: 

our
 ability to effectively and efficiently market and distribute our products; 

our
 ability to obtain market acceptance of our current products and future products that may be developed by us; and 

our
 ability to sell our products at competitive prices which exceed our per unit costs. 

We
may be unable to address these risks and difficulties, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue, operating results and
our ability to continue to operate our business. 

Our
growth strategy reflected in our business plan may be unachievable or may not result in profitability. 

We
may be unable to implement our growth strategy reflected in our business plan rapidly enough for us to achieve profitability. Our growth
strategy is dependent on a number of factors, including market acceptance of our Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products and
the acceptance by the public of using these products as pain relievers. We cannot assure you that our products will be purchased in amounts
sufficient to attain profitability. 

22 

Among
other things, our efforts to expand our sales of Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away will be adversely affected if: 

we
 are unable to attract sufficient customers to the products we offer in light of the price and other terms required in order for us
 to attain the level of profitability that will enable us to continue to pursue our growth strategy; 

adequate
 penetration of new markets at reasonable cost becomes impossible limiting the future demand for our products below the level assumed
 by our business plan; 

we
 are unable to scale up manufacturing to meet product demand, which would negatively affect our revenues and brand name recognition; 

we
 are unable to meet regulatory requirements in the intellectual marketplace that would otherwise allow us for wider distribution;
 and 

we
 are unable to meet FDA regulatory requirements that would potentially expand our product base and potential revenues. 

If
we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may not become profitable. 

Businesses,
which grow rapidly often, have difficulty managing their growth. If we grow rapidly, we will need to expand our management by recruiting
and employing experienced executives and key employees capable of providing the necessary support. We cannot assure you that our management
will be able to manage our growth effectively or successfully. 

Among
other things, implementation of our growth strategy would be adversely affected if we were not able to attract sufficient customers to
the products and services we offer or plan to offer in light of the price and other terms required in order for us to attain the necessary
profitability. 

If
we are unable to protect our proprietary technology, our business could be harmed. 

Our
intellectual property, including patents, is our key asset. We currently have 21 patents that we either own or have the rights to from
third parties. 16 of these patents have been approved and 5 are pending. Competitors may be able to design around our patents for our
Cobroxin , Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products and compete effectively with us. The cost to prosecute infringements
of our intellectual property or the cost to defend our products against patent infringement or other intellectual property litigation
by others could be substantial. We cannot assure you that: 

pending
 and future patent applications will result in issued patents, 

patents
 licensed by us will not be challenged by competitors, 

our
 patents, licensed and other proprietary rights from third parties will not result in costly litigation; 

pending
 and future patent applications will result in issued patents, 

the
 patents or our other intellectual property will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect these technologies or provide
 us with a competitive advantage, 

if
 we are sued for patent infringement, whether we will have sufficient funds to defend our patents, and 

we
 will be successful in defending against future patent infringement claims asserted against our products. 

Should
any risks pertaining to the foregoing occur, our brand name reputation, results of operation and revenues will be negatively affected. 

We
are subject to substantial FDA regulations pertaining to Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away, which may increase our costs or otherwise
adversely affect our operations. 

Our
Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products are subject to FDA regulations, including manufacturing and labeling, approval of
ingredients, advertising and other claims made regarding Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away, and product ingredients disclosure.
If we fail to comply with current or future regulations, the FDA could force us to stop selling Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away
or require us to incur substantial costs from adopting measures to maintain FDA compliance. 

The
inability to provide scientific proof for product claims may adversely affect our sales. 

The
marketing of Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away involves claims that they assist in reducing Stage 2 chronic pain, while Nyloxin 
 Extra Strength and Nyloxin Military Strength involves claims that they assist in reducing Stage 3 chronic pain.
The marketing of Pet Pain-Away involves claims that they assist in relieving pain in dogs and cats. Under FDA and Federal Trade Commission FTC rules, we are required to have adequate data to support any claims we make concerning Nyloxin and
Pet Pain-Away. We have scientific data for our Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away product claims; however, we cannot be certain
that these scientific data will be deemed acceptable to the FDA or FTC. If the FDA or FTC requests supporting information and we are
unable to provide support that it finds acceptable, the FDA or FTC could force us to stop making the claims in question or restrict us
from selling the products. 

23 

None
of our ethical drug candidates have received FDA approval. 

Our
non-homeopathic or ethical products require a complex and costly FDA regulation process that takes several years for drug approval, if
ever. None of the drug applications we have submitted to the FDA have received FDA approval. If we do not receive FDA approval for our
drug applications, our operations and financial condition will be negatively affected. 

If
we are unable to secure sufficient cobra venom from available suppliers, our operating results will be negatively affected. 

We
secure cobra venom on an as-needed basis. If we do not have an available supplier to fill customer orders, there will be distribution
delays and/or our failure to fulfill purchase orders, either of which will negatively affect our brand name reputation and operating
results. 

Our
Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products may be unable to compete against our competitors in the pain relief market. 

The
pain relief market is highly competitive. We compete with companies that have already achieved product acceptance and brand recognition,
including multi-billion dollar private label manufacturers and more established pharmaceutical and health products companies, or low
cost generic drug manufacturers. Most such companies have far greater financial and technical resources and production and marketing
capabilities than we do. Additionally, if consumers prefer our competitors products, or if these products have better safety,
efficacy, or pricing characteristics, our results could be negatively impacted. If we fail to develop and actualize strategies to compete
against our competitors we may fail to compete effectively, which will negatively affect our operations and operating results. 

If
we incur costs resulting from product liability claims, our operating results will be negatively affected. 

If
we become subject to product liability claims for Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away that exceed our product liability policy
limits, we may be subject to substantial litigation costs or judgments against us, which will negatively impact upon our financial and
operating results. 

Loss
of any of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 

We
are dependent upon a limited number of our employees: (a) our Chief Executive Officer who directs our operations; and (b) our Chief Scientific
Officer who conducts our research and development activities. Our success depends on the continued services of our senior management
and key research and development employees as well as our ability to attract additional members to our management and research and development
teams. The unexpected loss of the services of any of our management or other key personnel could have a material adverse effect upon
our operations and financial results. 

We
may be unable to maintain and expand our business if we are not able to retain, hire and integrate key management and operating personnel. 

Our
success depends in large part on the continued services and efforts of key management personnel. Competition for such employees is intense
and the process of locating key personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to execute our business strategies may
be lengthy. The loss of key personnel could have a material adverse impact on our ability to execute our business objectives. We do not
have any key man life insurance on the lives of any of our executive officers . 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Because
the market for our common stock is limited, persons who purchase our common stock may not be able to resell their shares at or above
the purchase price paid by them. 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC-Market, which is not a liquid market. There is currently only a limited public market for our common stock.
We cannot assure you that an active public market for our common stock will develop or be sustained in the future. If an active market
for our common stock does not develop or is not sustained, the price may decline. 

Because
we are subject to the penny stock rules, brokers cannot generally solicit the purchase of our common stock, which adversely
affects its liquidity and market price. 

The
SEC has adopted regulations, which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common stock on the OTC has been substantially less than
 5.00 per share and therefore we are currently considered a penny stock according to SEC rules. This designation requires
any broker-dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, obtain a written agreement from
the purchaser and determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules limit the ability of broker-dealers
to solicit purchases of our common stock and therefore reduce the liquidity of the public market for our shares. 

24 

Because
the majority of our outstanding shares are freely tradable, sales of these shares could cause the market price of our common stock to
drop significantly, even if our business is performing well. 

As
of December 31, 2019, we had 5,876,746,111 outstanding shares that were subject to the limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act
of 1933. In general, Rule 144 provides that any non-affiliates, who have held restricted common stock for at least six-months, are entitled
to sell their restricted stock freely, provided that we stay current in our SEC filings. After one year, a non-affiliate may sell without
any restrictions. 

An
affiliate may sell after one year with the following restrictions: (i) we are current in our filings, (ii) certain manner of sale provisions,
(iii) filing of Form 144, and (iv) volume limitations limiting the sale of shares within any three-month period to a number of shares
that does not exceed 1 of the total number of outstanding shares. A person who has ceased to be an affiliate at least three months immediately
preceding the sale and who has owned such shares of common stock for at least one year is entitled to sell the shares under Rule 144
without regard to any of the limitations described above. 

An
investment in our common stock may be diluted in the future as a result of the issuance of additional securities or the exercise of options
or warrants. 

In
order to raise additional capital to fund our strategic plan, we may issue additional shares of common stock or securities convertible,
exchangeable or exercisable into common stock from time to time, which could result in substantial dilution to any person who purchases
our common stock. Because we have a negative net tangible book value, purchasers will suffer substantial dilution. We cannot assure you
that we will be successful in raising funds from the sale of common stock or other equity securities. 

Since
we intend to retain any earnings for development of our business for the foreseeable future, you will likely not receive any dividends
for the foreseeable future. 

We
have not and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future, as we intend to retain any earnings for development and expansion
of our business operations. As a result, you will not receive any dividends on your investment for an indefinite period of time. 

Due
to factors beyond our control, our stock price may continue to be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock has been and is expected to be highly volatile. Any of the following factors could affect the market
price of our common stock: 

our
 failure to generate revenue, 

our
 failure to achieve and maintain profitability, 

short
 selling activities, 

the
 sale of a large amount of common stock by our shareholders including those who invested prior to commencement of trading, 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our quarterly results of operations, 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of significant contracts, new products, acquisitions, commercial relationships, joint ventures or capital
 commitments, 

the
 loss of major customers or product or component suppliers, 

the
 loss of significant business relationships, 

our
 failure to meet financial analysts performance expectations, 

changes
 in earnings estimates and recommendations by financial analysts, or 

changes
 in market valuations of similar companies. 

In
the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has
often been instituted. A securities class action suit against us could result in substantial costs and divert our management s
time and attention, which would otherwise be used to benefit our business. 

25 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item
2. Properties 

In
February of 2016, we moved offices to 12538 West Atlantic Blvd, Coral Springs, Florida. We had a 3-year lease that expired on
February 1, 2019 with an option to renew for an additional 3 years. Our offices were comprised of a reception area, conference room,
6 offices, a restroom, a kitchen and a file room. We paid monthly rent of approximately 3,200. We operated on a month-to-month lease
from March 1, 2019 through June 1, 2020 when we vacated the Coral Springs office to move all of our operations to our Plantation facility. 

Since
May 13, 2004, ReceptoPharm has leased their office space at 1537 NW 65 th Avenue, Plantation, Florida for three consecutive
two-year terms. ReceptoPharm s 5,500 square foot facilities include a reception area, conference room and five offices, a warehouse
and a laboratory. On May 10, 2010, ReceptoPharm renewed the lease with Shelter Developers of America Shelter for the
last two-year term beginning on June 1, 2010 and ending May 31, 2012. On July 9, 2012 ReceptoPharm entered into a new lease agreement
for a five year period beginning on August 1, 2012. In February of 2016, we signed a lease extension agreement in exchange for certain
leasehold improvements that extended our lease through July 31, 2022. In January of 2021, we signed an updated lease with extended terms
through January 1, 2023. The lease calls for current monthly payments of approximately 6,500, which includes base rent, common area
expenses, real estate taxes and insurance. As of June 1, 2020 we have moved all of our operations into the Plantation facility. 

We
incurred rent expense of 134,047 and 128,897 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

Patricia
Meding, et. al. v. ReceptoPharm, Inc. f/k/a Receptogen, Inc. 

On
June 1, 2015, ReceptoPharm entered into a settlement agreement with Patricia Meding, a former officer and shareholder of ReceptoPharm.
The settlement relates to a lawsuit filed by Ms. Meding against ReceptoPharm (Patricia Meding, et. al. v. ReceptoPharm, Inc. f/k/a Receptogen,
Inc., Index No.: 18247/06, New York Supreme Court, Queens County) in which she claimed to own certain shares of ReceptoPharm stock and
claimed to be owed amounts on a series of promissory notes allegedly executed in 2001 and 2002. 

The
settlement agreement executed on June 1, 2015 provides that ReceptoPharm will pay Ms. Meding a total of 360,000 over 35 months. The
first payment of 20,000 was made on July 1, 2015. A second payment of 20,000 was made on August 17, 2015 with 32 subsequent monthly
 10,000 payments due on the 15th of every month thereafter. To date, ReceptoPharm has made all monthly payments due under the agreement.
In the event of default on any of the payments due under the settlement agreement, the settlement amount would increase by an additional
 200,000. As of December 31, 2018, all payments were made and the settlement is concluded. We have recorded 200,000 in other income
for the over accrual of default upon payments in full in April 2018. 

Paul
Reid et al. v. Nutra Pharma Corp. et al. 

On
August 26, 2016, certain of former ReceptoPharm employees and a former ReceptoPharm consultant filed a lawsuit in the 17th Judicial Circuit
in and for Broward County, Florida (Case No. CACE16 015834) against Nutra Pharma and Receptopharm to recover 315,000 allegedly
owing to them under a settlement agreement reached in an involuntary bankruptcy action that was brought by the same individuals in 2012
and for payment of unpaid wages/breach of written debt confirms. 

On
June 24, 2021, the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement of the lawsuit. Nutra Pharma has fully performed under
the settlement and considers the case fully resolved. 

Get
Credit Healthy, Inc. v. Nutra Pharma Corp. and Rik Deitsch, Case No. CACE 18-017055 

On
August 1, 2018, Get Credit Healthy, Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and Rik Deitsch (collectively the Defendants in the 17th Judicial Circuit Court in and for Broward County, Florida (Case No. CACE 18-017055) to recover 100,000 allegedly owed under
an amended promissory note dated April 12, 2017. Counsel for Get Credit Healthy, Inc. requested an early mediation conference in an attempt
to resolve our dispute. We agreed to this request, and mediation took place on February 15, 2019. At December 31, 2018, we owed principal
balance of 101,818 and accrued interest of 21,023. The lawsuit was settled on February 15, 2019 for 104,000 with scheduled payments.
The repayments were made in full as of November 2020 (see Note 6 in our consolidated financial statements). 

26 

CSA
8411, LLC v. Nutra Pharma Corp., Case No. CACE 18-023150 

On
October 12, 2018, CSA 8411, LLC filed a lawsuit against the Company in the 17th Judicial Circuit Court in and for Broward County, Florida
(Case No. CACE 18-023150) to recover 100,000 allegedly owed under an amended promissory note dated April 12, 2017. On November 1, 2018,
the Company filed its Answer and Affirmative Defenses to the Complaint. The Company believes that this lawsuit is without merit. Moreover,
the Company believes that it has a number of valid defenses to this claim. Among other things, the owner of CSA 8411, LLC violated the
terms of a Binding Memorandum of Understanding by failing to invest in the Company and fraudulently inducing the Company to enter into
the subject amended promissory note (contrary to the Get Credit Healthy lawsuit discussed above, we are certain that this individual
is the majority owner of CSA 8411, LLC). Opposing counsel reached out to schedule mediation, and mediation was set for June 21, 2019
in Plantation, FL however the mediation was unsuccessful. At December 31, 2019, we owed principal balance of 91,156 and accrued interest
of 29,948 (See Note 6) if the defenses and our new claims are deemed to be of no merit. Defendant also filed affirmative claims against
the Plaintiff, its owner Dan Oran and several related entities. The case has not been set for trial as of this date. 

Securities
and Exchange Commission v. Nutra Pharma Corporation, Erik Deitsch, and Sean Peter McManus 

On
September 28, 2018, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC filed a lawsuit in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York (Case No. 2:18-cv-05459) against the Company, Mr. Deitsch, and Mr. McManus. The lawsuit
alleges that, from July 2013 through June 2018, the Company and the other defendants defrauded investors by making materially
false and misleading statements about the Company and violated anti-fraud and other securities laws. 

The
violations alleged against the Company by the SEC include: (a) raising over 920,000 in at least two private placement offerings for
which the Company failed to file required registration statements with the SEC; (b) issuing a series of materially false or misleading
press releases; (c) making false statements in at least one Form 10-Q; and (d) failing to make required public filings with the SEC to
disclose the Company s issuance of millions of shares of stock. The lawsuit makes additional allegations against Mr. McManus and
Mr. Deitsch, including that Mr. McManus acted as a broker without SEC registration and defrauded at least one investor by making false
statements about the Company, that Mr. Deitsch engaged in manipulative trades of the Company s stock by offering to pay more for
shares he was purchasing than the amount the seller was willing to take, and that Mr. Deitsch failed to make required public filings
with the SEC. The lawsuit seeks both injunctive and monetary relief. 

On
May 29, 2019 (following each of the defendants filing motions to dismiss), the SEC filed a First Amended Complaint which generally alleged
the same conduct as its original Complaint, but accounted for certain guidance provided by the United States Supreme Court in a case
that had been recently decided. Each of the defendants then moved to dismiss the SEC s First Amended Complaint. On March 31, 2020,
the Court entered an Order granting in part and denying in part the various motions to dismiss. Following that Order, the SEC filed a
Second Amended Complaint (the operative pleading) and the defendants have filed their answers which generally deny liability. At this
time, discovery is closed and the SEC has indicated an intent to file a summary judgment motion regarding certain non-fraud claims asserted
in its Second Amended Complaint. The defendants have opposed the SEC s request to file such motion(s). The Court conducted a hearing
on February 23, 2021 and set an initial briefing schedule for the SEC s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment wherein the Plaintiffs 
Motion for Partial Summary Judgment was due on April 5, 2021, the Defendants Consolidated (i.e., collectively, Nutra Pharma Corporation,
Erik Rik Deitsch, and Sean McManus) Response Brief to the SEC s Motion is due May 3, 2021, and the Plaintiffs 
Reply Brief is due on May 19, 2021. On March 23, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a Motion for Extension of Time to file the Motion for Partial
Summary Judgment. On March 24, 2021, the Court entered an order granting the Motion for Extension of Time and modified the briefing schedule
as follows: Plaintiffs Motion was due on or before April 9, 2021, the Defendants Response is due on or before May 7, 2021,
and the Plaintiffs Reply is due on or before May 21, 2021. The Company disputes the allegations in this lawsuit and continues
to vigorously defend against the SEC s claims. Mr. Deitsch and Mr. McManus have similarly defended the lawsuit since its filing
and each contest liability. The Company does not believe that it engaged in any fraudulent activity or made any material misrepresentations
concerning the Company and/or its products. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

27 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity; Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter OTC-Market under the trading symbol NPHC . The following
table sets forth the high and low bid prices for each quarter within the last two fiscal years. 

2018
 Fiscal Year 

High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0058 
 0.0012 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0023 
 0.001 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0015 
 0.0001 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0006 
 0.00025 

2019
 Fiscal Year 

High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0005 
 0.0002 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0002 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0004 
 0.0002 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.0006 
 0.0002 

The
above quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Penny
Stock Considerations 

Our
shares of common stock are penny stocks as that term is generally defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as equity
securities with a price of less than 5.00. Our shares are subject to rules that impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on
broker-dealers who engage in certain transactions involving a penny stock. 

Under
the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited
investor must make a special suitability determination regarding the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written
consent to the transaction prior to the sale, unless the broker-dealer is otherwise exempt. Generally, an individual with a net worth
in excess of 1,000,000 or annual income exceeding 200,000 individually or 300,000 together with his or her spouse is considered an
accredited investor. 

In
addition, under the penny stock regulations the broker-dealer is required to: 

Deliver,
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating
 to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt; 

Disclose
 commission payable to the broker-dealer and its registered representatives and current bid and offer quotations for the securities; 

Send
 monthly statements disclosing recent price information pertaining to the penny stock held in a customer s account, the account s
 value and information regarding the limited market in penny stocks; and 

Make
 a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s
 written agreement to the transaction, prior to conducting any penny stock transaction in the customer s account. 

Because
of these regulations, broker-dealers may encounter difficulties in their attempt to sell shares of our common stock, which may affect
the ability of shareholders to sell their shares in the secondary market and have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
in the secondary market. These additional sales practice and disclosure requirements could impede the sale of our securities. In addition,
the liquidity for our securities may be adversely affected, with a corresponding decrease in the price of our securities. Our shares
are subject to such penny stock rules and our shareholders will, in all likelihood, find it difficult to sell their securities. 

28 

Holders 

As
of July 1, 2021, based upon records obtained from our transfer agent, there were 339 holders of record of our common stock.
Our transfer agent records do not account for other holders of our common stock that are held in street name or by broker dealers as
custodian for individual holders of our stock. We have one class of common stock outstanding. 

Dividends 

We
have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying such dividends in the foreseeable
future. We plan to retain any future earnings for use in our business. Any decisions as to future payment of dividends will depend on
our earnings and financial position and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. There are no restrictions contained
in our bylaws or otherwise pertaining to our issuing dividends. 

Equity
Compensation Plans 

Securities
authorized per issuance under Equity Compensation Plans as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 are as follows: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Number
 of Securities to
 be issued upon
 exercise of
 outstanding options, warrants
 and rights 
 Weighted- average exercise price
 of outstanding options, warrants and
 rights 
 Number
 of Securities Remaining available 
 for future issuance 
 under equity compensation plans
 (excluding securities
 reflected in column(a)) 
 
 Plan category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved
 by security holders 
 0 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Equity compensation plans
 not approved by security holders 
 0 
 4.00 
 6,375 
 
 Total 
 0 
 4.00 
 6,375 

The
figures contained in the above chart are composed of our 2003 and 2007 Employee /Consultant Stock Compensation Plans and two (2) option
agreements we have with a corporate entity and our former Chairman of the Board/Executive Chairman, as follows: 

2003
Plan 

On
December 3, 2003, our Board of Directors approved the Employee/Consultant Stock Compensation Plan (the 2003 Plan ). The
purpose of the 2003 Plan is to further our growth by allowing us to compensate employees and consultants who have provided bona fide
services to us through the award of our common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2003
Plan is 62,500. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had issued a total of 62,375 shares under the 2003 Plan. 

2007
Plan 

On
June 6, 2007, our Board of Directors approved the 2007 Employee/Consultant Stock Compensation Plan (the 2007 Plan ). The
purpose of the 2007 Plan is to further our growth by allowing us to compensate employees and consultants who have provided bona fide
services to us through the award of our common stock. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2007
Plan is 625,000. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had issued a total of 618,750 shares under the 2007 Plan. 

Our
Board of Directors is responsible for the administration of the 2003 and 2007 Plans and has full authority to grant awards under the
Plans. Awards may take the form of stock grants, options or warrants to purchase common stock. The Board of Directors has the authority
to determine: (a) the employees and consultants that will receive awards under the Plan, (b) the number of shares, options or warrants
to be granted to each employee or consultant, (c) the exercise price, term and vesting periods, if any, in connection with an option
grant, and (d) the purchase price and vesting period, if any, in connection with the granting of a warrant to purchase shares of our
common stock. 

29 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

With
respect to the securities issuances described below, no solicitations were made and no underwriting discounts were given or paid in connection
with these transactions. The Company believes that the issuance of these securities as described below were exempt from registration
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933. 

Common
Stock Issued for Conversion of Convertible Debt 

During
January 2020 through February 2020, a Note holder received a total of 500,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction
the 175,000 of the Note. During February through June 2021, the Note holder received a total of 237,850,000 shares of our restricted
common stock in satisfaction the 118,925 of the Note with a fair value of 2,328,149. 

During
September 2020, a Note holder received a total of 107,133,333 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction of the principal
balance of 22,000 and accrued interest of 10,140 from a Note originated in March 2018. During October 2020, the Note holder received
a total of 107,817,770 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction of the principal balance of 22,000 and accrued interest
of 10,345 from a Note originated in March 2018. 

During
November 2020, the Note received a total of 100,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction the 20,000 of the Note
amended in January 2019 with a fair value of 120,000. 

During
March 2021, in connection with this settlement of the 6,000 of the Note of 11,000 originated in November 2018, we issued 11,000,000
shares of common stocks in satisfaction of 6,000 of the Note with a fair value of 104,500. 

During
April 2021, in connection with this settlement of the remaining balance of 8,500 of the Note of 12,000 originated in December 2018,
we issued 2,000,000 shares of common stocks in satisfaction of 4,000 of the Note with a fair value of 15,200. 

Common
Stock Issued for Conversion of Promissory Note 

During
March 2020, 50,000 of the Note of 120,000 with original issuance discount of 20,000 originated in November 2017 was settled for 125,000,000
shares. An additional 36,000,000 shares were issued to satisfy the default provision of the original note, and 10,000,000 shares were
issued along with the restatement. The total fair value of issued stock was 119,700. 

During
February 2021, we issued 29,072,500 shares of common stock to satisfy the accrued interest of 23,258 with fair value of 343,056 for
the Note with principal balance of 166,926 restated in July 2020. 

Common
Stock Issued for Default Payments 

During
January 2020, we issued a total of 75,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the convertible
promissory note of a total of 148,225 amended in August and November 2018. The shares were valued at fair value of 45,000. 

During
July 2020, we issued a total of 1,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 22,000 originated in December 2019. The shares were valued at fair value of 700. 

During
September 2020, we issued a total of 10,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory
note of 333,543 plus accrued interest amended in September 2019. The shares were valued at fair value of 6,000. 

During
October 2020, we issued a total of 1,500,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 84,000 amended in March 2020. The shares were valued at fair value of 900. 

During
January 2021, we issued a total of 25,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 166,926 amended in July 2020. The shares were valued at fair value of 107,500. 

Settlement
of a Related-Party Note 

During
June 2020, the Note of 14,400 with original issuance discount of 2,400 to a related party amended in December 2018 was settled with
cash payment of 14,400 and 5,000,000 shares of common stocks. The shares were valued at fair value of 3,000. 

30 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company, we are not required to provide information required by Item 6. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

In
preparing the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(U.S. GAAP), we have adopted various accounting policies. Our most significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements. 

The
preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our estimates and assumptions, including
those related to the ability to continue as going concern, the recoverability of inventory and long-lived assets, the fair value
of stock-based compensation, the fair value of debt, the fair value of derivative liabilities, recognition of loss contingencies and
deferred tax valuation allowances are updated as appropriate, which in most cases is at least quarterly. We base our estimates on
historical experience, or various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and the results form the basis
for making judgments about the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Actual results may materially differ from
these estimates. 

Estimates
are considered to be critical if they meet both of the following criteria: (1) the estimate requires assumptions about material matters
that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made, and (2) other materially different estimates could have been reasonably
made or material changes in the estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Our critical accounting estimates include
the following: 

Revenue
Recognition: 

On
January 1, 2018, we adopted Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606 using the modified retrospective
method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. The cumulative impact of adopting ASC Topic 606 resulted
in no changes to retained earnings at January 1, 2018. The impact to revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 was an increase of
 4,403 as a result of applying ASC 606 to certain revenues generated through online distributors which are now presented gross as we
have control over providing the products related to such revenues. This new revenue recognition standard (new guidance) has a five-step
process: a) Determine whether a contract exists b) Identify the performance obligations c) Determine the transaction price 
d) Allocate the transaction price and e) Recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. The Company has
evaluated the impact of ASC Topic 606 and determined that there is no change to the Company s accounting policies, except for the
recording of certain product sales to a distributor, in which a portion of the cash proceeds received is remitted back to the distributor.
Under ASC Topic 606, the Company determined that these sales should be recorded on a gross basis. 

Our
revenues are primarily derived from customer orders for the purchase of our products. We recognize revenues as performance obligations
are fulfilled when control passes to our customers. We record revenues net of promotions and discounts. For certain product sales to
a distributor, we record revenue including a portion of the cash proceeds that is remitted back to the distributor. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts: We grant credit
without collateral to our customers based on our evaluation of a particular customer s credit worthiness. Accounts receivable are
due 30 days after the issuance of the invoice. In addition, allowances for doubtful accounts are maintained for potential credit losses
based on the age of the accounts receivable and the results of periodic credit evaluations of our customers financial condition.
Accounts receivable are written off after collection efforts have been deemed to be unsuccessful. Accounts written off as uncollectible
are deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts, while subsequent recoveries are netted against the provision for doubtful accounts
expense. We generally do not charge interest on accounts receivable. We use third party payment processors and are required to maintain
reserve balances, which are included in accounts receivable. 

Our
 accounts receivable are stated at estimated net realizable value. Accounts
receivable are comprised of balances due from customers net of estimated allowances for uncollectible accounts. In determining collectability,
historical trends are evaluated and specific customer issues are reviewed to arrive at appropriate allowances. 

Inventory
Obsolescence: Inventories are valued at the lower of average cost or market value. We periodically perform an evaluation of inventory
for excess, impairments and obsolete items. At December 31, 2019, our inventory consisted entirely of raw materials and finished goods
that are utilized in the manufacturing of finished goods. These raw materials generally have expiration dates in excess of 10 years.
Commencing on October 1, 2019, we classify inventory as short-term or long-term inventory based on timing of when it is expected to
be consumed. 

Long-Lived
Assets: The carrying value of long-lived assets is reviewed annually and on a regular basis for the existence of facts and circumstances
that may suggest impairment. If indicators of impairment are present, we determine whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted future
cash flows attributable to the long-lived asset in question is less than its carrying amount. If less, we measure the amount of the impairment
based on the amount that the carrying value of the impaired asset exceeds the discounted cash flows expected to result from the use and
eventual disposal of the impaired assets. 

31 

Derivative
Financial Instrument: Management evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain
features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative
instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported
as charges or credits to income. For option-based simple derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period.
Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement
of the derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. 

Convertible
Debt: For convertible debt that does not contain an embedded derivative that requires bifurcation, the conversion feature is evaluated
to determine if the rate of conversion is below market value and should be categorized as a beneficial conversion feature BCF ).
A BCF related to debt is recorded by the Company as a debt discount and with the offset recorded to equity. The related convertible debt
is recorded net of the discount for the BCF. The discount is amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the debt with
the resulting debt discount being accreted over the term of the note. 

The
Fair Value Measurement Option: We have elected the fair value measurement option for convertible debt with embedded derivatives that
require bifurcation, and record the entire hybrid financing instrument at fair value under the guidance of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging ASC Topic 815 ). The Company reports interest expense, including accrued interest, related to this convertible
debt under the fair value option, within the change in fair value of convertible notes and derivatives in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations. 

Derivative
Accounting for Convertible Debt and Options and Warrants: The Company evaluated the terms and conditions of the convertible debt
under the guidance of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The conversion terms of some of the convertible notes are variable based
on certain factors, such as the future price of the Company s common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be issued is
based on the future price of the Company s common stock. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the debt
is indeterminate. Due to the fact that the number of shares of common stock issuable could exceed the Company s authorized share
limit, the equity environment is tainted, and all additional convertible debt and options and warrants are included in the value of the
derivative liabilities. Pursuant to ASC 815-15, Embedded Derivatives , the fair values of the convertible debt, options and warrants
and shares to be issued were recorded as derivative liabilities on the issuance date and revalued at each reporting period. 

Share-Based
Compensation: We record share-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Stock Compensation. FASB ASC 718 requires that
the cost resulting from all share-based transactions are recorded in the financial statements over the respective service periods. It
establishes fair value as the measurement objective in accounting for share-based payment arrangements and requires all entities to apply
a fair-value-based measurement in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees. FASB ASC 718 also establishes fair
value as the measurement objective for transactions in which an entity acquires goods or services from non-employees in share-based payment
transactions. 

Accomplishments
during 2019 Subsequent Accomplishments 

On
April 10, 2019, we announced that we had responded to an FDA warning letter that was issued on March 11, 2019 regarding our website
and social media sites for the sales and marketing of our Nyloxin products. In response to the FDA s letter, we explained
the basis of each of our claims as they relate to the concerns identified in the Warning Letter and made any and all necessary changes
to the marketing materials for the Nyloxin Products to properly and legally continue to market and distribute its products. 

On
May 30, 2019, we announced that the iRemedy Healthcare
Companies added the entire Nyloxin product line to their marketplace at www.IRemedy.com . 

On
September 22, 2020, Dr. Dale VanderPutten, our Chief Scientific Officer was invited by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency DTRA to present our nerve agent countermeasure technology in a Tech Watch talk to an audience of military and civilian experts in chem/bio
defense. The talk titled A Nicotinic Acetylcholine Receptor (nAChR) Directed Organophosphate Countermeasure was presented
in a virtual internet meeting to a select expert audience invited by DTRA. The consensus of the comments and questions on the presentation
supported the idea that despite past efforts, there remains an unmet need for nAChR directed defenses and that our demonstration of human
safety in the clinic and pre-clinical proof of concept deserves aggressive follow up. 

On
November 4, 2020, we announced the elimination of toxic institutional debt as the last institutional note was purchased by a long-term
individual investor. 

On
November 11, 2020, we announced that Nyloxin has been accepted to be listed on the Walmart Marketplace and is now available there
for purchase on www.Walmart.com . 

On
February 12, 2021, we announced that we are focusing on our intellectual property portfolio and have engaged new IP attorneys
at Christopher Weisberg P.A. 

On
February 23, 2021, we provided updates on our work in improving our existing facilities for manufacturing and validation of our
drug products. This included the renewal of our lease for our current lab space and bringing all of manufacturing in-house. 

On
March 11, 2021, we announced that we had engaged AccuReg, Inc. as outside Regulatory and Quality Assurance consultants as part
of our work in improving our existing facilities for manufacturing and validation of our drug products. 

On
March 16, 2021, we announced our plans for the marketing and distribution of Luxury Feet; an over-the-counter pain reliever
and anti-inflammatory product that is designed for women who experience pain or discomfort due to high heels and stilettos. 

On
April 15, 2021, we announced that our newest product, Luxury Feet, was available for purchase on Amazon.com. 

On
May 24, 2021, we announced today plans for expanding the marketing of our over-the-counter pain relievers and anti-inflammatory
products by working with influencers on several social media platforms. These will include celebrities as well as professional and Olympic
athletes that have benefitted from our products. 

32 

On
May 27, 2021, we provided updates on increasing our manufacturing capabilities for the production of our line of over-the-counter
pain relievers and anti-inflammatory drugs. As part of this process, we have completed the design and purchase for a new liquid filling
line that includes automatic filling, capping, coding, labeling and heat shrinking for most of our products. The new equipment will allow
production of up to 40 bottles per minute, which greatly increases our manufacturing capacity. The equipment is expected to be validated,
certified and in production by early July of 2021. 

On
 June 2, 2021, we announced that we had signed an agreement with professional snowboarder
Jake Vedder as a celebrity endorser of Nyloxin for Chronic Pain relief. Mr. Vedder will provide marketing content, videos and testimonials
on the use of our product and as a social media influencer. 

On
June 4, 2021, we announced our plans for increasing sales of our over-the-counter pain relievers through private label agreements that
will rebrand Nyloxin. The first private label distributor contract has been executed with sales expected to start within the next 4-6
weeks. Their marketing plan includes direct sales, targeted landing pages and aggressive marketing through social media. 

Results
of Operations 

Status
of Operations 

In
November 2014, we announced the recertification of our laboratory facility as the first step in re-engaging our drug development
activities. In September, 2015 we received Orphan designation from the FDA for our lead drug candidate, RPI-78M for the treatment of
Pediatric Multiple Sclerosis. This will allow us to shorten the timeline on clinical studies and may allow an eventual Fast Track
 through the approval process. We are currently working with our consultants to prepare a pre-IND meeting with the FDA in order to
gain approval of a protocol for a Phase I/II clinical study in Pediatric MS. Our goal is to begin the study by the end of 2021. 

We
estimate that we will require approximately 600,000 to fund our existing operations and the operations of our subsidiary ReceptoPharm
over the next twelve months. These costs include: (i) compensation for four (4) full-time employees; (ii) compensation for various consultants
who we deem critical to our business; (iii) general office expenses including rent and utilities; (iv) product liability insurance; and
(v) outside legal and accounting services. These costs reflected in (i) (v) do not include research and development costs or
other costs associated with clinical studies. 

We
began generating revenues from the sale of Cobroxin in the fourth quarter of 2009 and from the sale of Nyloxin 
 and Nyloxin Extra Strength in January of 2011. We began sales of Pet Pain-Away in December 2014. While sales have
decreased year over year, they have been limited and inconsistent. Our ability to meet our future operating expenses is highly dependent
on the amount of such future revenues. If future revenues from the sale of Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away are insufficient
to cover our operating expenses we may need to raise additional equity capital, which could result in substantial dilution to existing
shareholders. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient equity capital to fund our working capital requirements
on terms acceptable to us, or at all. We may also seek additional loans from our officers and directors; however, there can be no assurance
that we will be successful in securing such additional loans. 

33 

Comparison
of Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 

Sales
for the year ended December 31, 2019 were 104,393 compared to 130,596 for the comparable period in 2018. All of the sales in 2019 and
2018 were related to product sales. On January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 using the modified retrospective method applied to those contracts
which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. Results for reporting periods beginning January 1, 2018 are presented under ASC 606,
while prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with our historic revenue recognition methodology
under ASC 605, Revenue Recognition. The impact to revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 was an increase of 4,403 as a result
of applying ASC 606 to certain revenues generated through online distributors which are now presented gross as we have control over providing
the products related to such revenues. The decrease in sales is primarily attributable to an overall decrease in sales of Nyloxin . 

Cost
of sales for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 45,730 and 68,777. Cost of sales includes the direct costs associated with
manufacturing, shipping and handling costs. Our gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2019 was 58,663 or 56.19 compared
to 61,819 or 47.3 for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase in our profit margin is primarily due to decrease in the manufacturing
cost. In addition, we had an impairment of prepaid inventory of 23,948 and 47,757 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively,
due to slow-moving inventory. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses SG A decreased 184,635 or 13.31 from 1,387,454 for the
year ended December 31, 2018 to 1,202,819 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease is due to the overall decrease in
professional fees. 

Bad
debt expense decreased 443,681 or 87.78 from 505,470 for the year ended December 31, 2018 to 61,789 for the year ended December 31,
2019. 

Interest
expense, including related party interest expense, decreased 328,081 or 55.60 , from 590,106 for the year ended December 31, 2018 to
 262,025 for the year ended December 31, 2019. This decrease was primarily due to decrease of amortization of loan discount in the year
ended December 31, 2019 compared to the year ended December 31, 2018. 

We
carry certain of our debentures and common stock warrants at fair value. For the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the liability
related to these hybrid instruments fluctuated, resulting in a loss of 5,184,445 and 2,146,950, respectively. Interest expense
on these debentures is included in the fair value loss in the statements of operations. 

Gain
 on settlement of debts, accounts payable, and accrued expenses
decreased 813,137 or 89.77 , from 905,758 for the year ended December 31, 2018 to 92,621 for the year ended December
31, 2019. This decrease in gain was due to the increase in loss on settlement of debts and accounts payable through issuance of stocks,
offset by a gain of 280,000 from adjusting the settlement accrual for a litigation matter. Stock issued for loan modification decreased
 166,835 or 95.59 from 174,535 for the year ended December 31, 2018 to 7,700 for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Our
net loss increased by 2,706,747 or 69.68 , from 3,884,695 for the year ended December 31, 2018 to 6,591,442 for
the year ended December 31, 2019. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

During
December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, we had negative cash from operations of approximately 0.70 million and 1.00 million.
Our lack of cash, significant losses and working capital and stockholders deficits raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, we have experienced significant losses totaling 6,591,442
and 3,884,695, respectively and had an accumulated deficit of 67,864,284 for the period from our inception to December
31, 2019. In addition, we had working capital and stockholders deficits at December 31, 2019 of 10,931,827 and 11,701,035,
respectively. 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is contingent upon our ability to secure additional financing, increase ownership equity and attain
profitable operations. In addition, our ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of the problems, expenses
and complications frequently encountered in established markets and the competitive environment in which we operate. 

As
of December 31, 2019, we had 0 in cash and owed approximately 2.73 million in vendor payables and accrued expenses. We currently do
not have sufficient cash to sustain our operations for the next 12 months and will require additional financing or an increase in sales
in order to execute our operating plan and continue as a going concern. Our plan is to continue to increase sales of our products and
attempt to secure adequate funding to bridge the commercialization of our Nyloxin and Pet Pain-Away products. We cannot
predict whether additional financing will be in the form of equity, debt, or another form and we may be unable to obtain the necessary
additional capital on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. In the event that these financing sources do not materialize, or
that we are unsuccessful in increasing our revenues and profits, we may be unable to implement our current plans for expansion, repay
our obligations as they become due or continue as a going concern, any of which circumstances would have a material adverse effect on
our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

34 

Historically,
we have relied upon loans from our Chief Executive Officer Rik J Deitsch, to fund costs associated with our operations. These loans are
unsecured, accrue interest at a rate of 4.0 per annum and are due on demand. At December 31, 2019, the balance due to our President
and CEO, Rik Deitsch, is 122,812, which is an unsecured demand loan that bears interest at 4 . During the year ended December 31, 2019,
we advanced 134,015 to and collected 5,000 from Mr. Deitsch and the Companies owned by him. Additionally, accrued interest on the demand
loan was 6,330 and is included in the due to officer account. For the year ended December 31, 2019, we recorded a bad debt expense of
 59,000. The Company has fully reserved receivables from companies owned by the Company s CEO. The reserve was 564,470 as of December
31, 2019, which represents a full valuation allowance for amounts owed by these Companies. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, we raised net cash proceeds of 782,374 through the issuance of convertible notes. Current operations
are being funded through a combination of product sales, loans from our CEO and convertible notes. 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Operations 

The
ramifications of the outbreak of the novel strain of COVID-19, reported to have started in December 2019 and spread globally, are filled
with uncertainty and changing quickly. Our operations have continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption.
Beginning in June 2020, the Company experienced a delay in retail rollout as a downstream implication of the slowing economy. We also
closed our Coral Springs office in effort to save money. During May 2020, we received approval from SBA to fund our request for a PPP
loan for 64,895. We intended to use the proceeds primarily for payroll costs. During April and June 2020, we obtained the loan in the
amount of 154,900 from SBA under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance program. We intended to use the proceeds primarily for
working capital purpose. 

The
Company is operating in a rapidly changing environment so the extent to which COVID-19 impacts its business, operations and financial
results from this point forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that the Company cannot accurately predict. Those factors include
the following: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue
to be taken in response to the pandemic; and the distribution of testing and a vaccine. 

Uncertainties
and Trends 

Our
operations and possible revenues are dependent now and in the future upon the following factors: 

Whether
 we successfully develop and commercialize products from our research and development activities. 

If
 we fail to compete effectively in the intensely competitive biotechnology area, our operations and market position will be negatively
 impacted. 

If
 we fail to successfully execute our planned partnering and out-licensing of products or technologies, our future performance will
 be adversely affected. 

The
 recent economic downturn and related credit and financial market crisis may adversely affect our ability to obtain financing, conduct
 our operations and realize opportunities to successfully bring our technologies to market. 

Biotechnology
 industry related litigation is substantial and may continue to rise, leading to greater costs and unpredictable litigation. 

If
 we fail to comply with extensive legal/regulatory requirements affecting the healthcare industry, we will face increased costs, and
 possibly penalties and business losses. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have not entered into any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement with an entity unconsolidated with us under whom we
have: 

An
 obligation under a guarantee contract. 

A
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit,
 liquidity or market risk support to such entity for such assets. 

Any
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, under a contract that would be accounted for as a derivative instrument. 

Any
 obligation, including a contingent obligation, arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that is held by us
 and material to us where such entity provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to, or engages in leasing,
 hedging or research and development services with us. 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or commitments that have a current or future effect on its financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material,
other than those which may be disclosed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and the audited Consolidated
Financial Statements and related notes. 

35 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
applicable. We have no investments in market risk sensitive instruments or in any other type securities. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The
information required by this item begins on page F-1 and is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The index to our annual
financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 can be found under Item 15. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Section
1. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures: 

As
of December 31, 2019, we carried out an evaluation under the supervision and the participation of our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2019, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer/Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting discussed
in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective,
at a reasonable assurance level, as of December 31, 2019. In light of this, we performed additional post-closing procedures and analyses
in order to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. As a result of these procedures, we believe our Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows for the periods presented. A control system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls
system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
with the company have been detected. 

Section
2. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

During
its evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, our management concluded that
its material weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting include matters pertaining to: (a) lack of qualified accounting
personnel; (b) inadequate segregation of duties, and (c) the need to enhance the supervision, monitoring and reviewing of financial statement
preparation processes due to lack of qualified accounting personnel. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over
financial reporting is the process designed by and under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer, or the
persons performing similar functions, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation
of our financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Management has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO-2013) in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance
for Smaller Public Companies. Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer,
our management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 and concluded
that it is ineffective because of the material weaknesses. These identified material weaknesses included (i) an insufficient accounting
staff; (ii) inadequate segregation of duties; (iii) limited checks and balances in processing cash and other transactions; and (iv) lack
of independent directors and an independent audit committee. 

To
remedy these weaknesses, when financially able, we plan to supplement our accounting staff with additional experienced financial professionals,
redefining and realigning responsibilities and by defining additional controls, reporting processes and procedures to address the accounting
requirements and disclosures, and engage independent directors and a qualified independent audit committee. 

In
addition, until we locate and engage appropriate accounting personnel, we will engage third party consultants to assist in accounting
for complex transactions and disclosures. 

36 

The
material weaknesses discussed above will not be considered remediated until the necessary personnel have been engaged and the applicable
remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating
effectively. 

Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d)
of Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2019 that have materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

In
conjunction with Item 9A above (Evaluation of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting) and following our management s assessment
and conclusion that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 is ineffective, because of the material weaknesses
described above, we are seeking a new Chief Financial Officer pending funding. 

37 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Paul
Reid, PhD resigned as ReceptoPharm s Chief Executive Officer in November 2011. Our Director, Harold Rumph, filled the role in running
ReceptoPharm operations until his passing on August 9, 2020. Our Chief Scientific Officer, Dale Vanderputten, PhD currently acts as the
President of ReceptoPharm. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
Board of Directors elects our executive officers annually. Directors are elected to hold office until the next annual meeting. A majority
vote of the directors who are in office is required to fill vacancies of our Board of Directors not caused by removal. Each director,
including a Director elected to fill a vacancy, will hold office until the expiration of the term for which the Director was elected
and until a successor has been elected. Our directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Listed
below are our executive officers and directors as of December 31, 2019 

Name 
 Age 
 Position
 with the Company 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Rik J. Deitsch 
 52 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2002 
 
 Stewart Lonky, M.D. 
 72 
 Director (1) 
 2004 
 
 Harold H. Rumph 
 88 
 Director 
 April 2008 
 
 Garry R. Pottruck 
 62 
 Director (1) 
 July 2009 
 
 Dale Vanderputten 
 59 
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 August 2016 

(1) 
 Dr.
 Lonky and Garry R. Pottruck are members of our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. 

Rik
J. Deitsch has been our President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director since November 7, 2002 and our Chairman of the Board from
December 15, 2003 until June 1, 2005 and from April 1, 2006 to present. Mr. Deitsch served as our Chief Financial Officer from November
2002 until March 2012 and from September 2012 to present. From February 1998 through November 2002, Mr. Deitsch served as the President
of NDA Consulting Inc., a biotechnology research group that provided consulting services to the pharmaceutical industry. NDA Consulting
specializes in the research of peptides derived from Cone Snail venom and Cobra venom. In October 1999, Mr. Deitsch founded Wellness
Industries, a private corporation that provides formulations, research and education in the dietary supplement industry. Research conducted
by Rik J Deitsch provided some of the beginning fundamentals for the development of drugs being studied for the treatment of cancer and
intractable pain. Mr. Deitsch has prepared several papers and posters on rational drug design using computer simulations. Mr. Deitsch
received a B.S. in Chemistry and an M.S. in Biochemistry from Florida Atlantic University in June 1997 and December 1999, respectively.
Throughout 1999 and 2000, he conducted research for the Duke University Medical School Comprehensive Cancer Center. Mr. Deitsch has served
as an adjunct professor and has taught several courses for Florida Atlantic University s College of Business and Continuing Education
Department. Mr. Deitsch also teaches physician CME courses internationally, lecturing on lifestyle choices in the prevention and treatment
of chronic disease states. He is the co-author of two books: Are You Age-Wise , a book that reviews current research in healthy
aging as it relates to lifestyle choices and supplementation and Invisible Killers , a book that outlines our exposure to environmental
toxins. 

Dr.
Stewart Lonky has been our director since November 5, 2004. Dr. Lonky was a co-founder of the Trylon Corporation, a medical device
firm located in Torrance, California, and served as its Chief Medical Officer from 1990-2005. Trylon Corporation developed diagnostic
products for the early diagnosis of cervical and oral cancer, and in connection with that Dr. Lonky s responsibilities included
product development, the direction of clinical research and interacting with regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA). In these roles he was instrumental in successfully bringing a number of products to the medical marketplace. He has continued
to be engaged in both clinical and biochemical research, and has published research articles in the peer-reviewed literature in the areas
of cervical cancer and cellular pathophysiology. Since 2005, Dr. Lonky has held an advisory position with another medical device company,
Histologics, LLC. Dr. Lonky has been a practicing physician in the Los Angeles Area since 1982. He is Board Certified in Internal Medicine,
Pulmonary Medicine, and Critical Care Medicine. Prior to entering practice, Dr. Lonky served as a full-time faculty member at the University
of California, San Diego in the Department of Medicine, Pulmonary Division, where he was engaged in research in the biochemistry of lung
injury. He was a National Institutes of Health (NIH) Postdoctoral Fellow from 1974-77. He has published over twenty articles and abstracts
in the peer-reviewed literature during that time, and authored two book chapters. 

38 

Harold
H. Rumph became our Director on April 10, 2008 when ReceptoPharm became our wholly owned subsidiary and has served on our Board until
his death on August 9, 2020. Since November of 2011, Mr. Rumph acted in the capacity as Interim President of ReceptoPharm. From May 2003
to August 9, 2020, Harold H. Rumph has been the President/Director of ReceptoPharm, Inc., a biotechnology company located in Plantation,
Florida. From September 1988 to April 2003, Mr. Rumph was the President/Founder of Project Scheduling Services, Inc., a computerized
scheduling services company to the construction industry, located in Pompano Beach, Florida. From 1962 to 1988, Mr. Rumph held managerial,
marketing, and other positions with IBM, RCA, Xerox, Harris Corporation and was a founder and President of Biogenix, Inc., a biotechnology
company located in Boca Raton, Florida. From 1953 to 1962, Mr. Rumph served on active duty with various responsibilities including Tactical
Fighter Pilot and at Headquarters United States Air Force Intelligence with the United States Air Force. In 1953, Mr. Rumph received
a Bachelor of Science Degree in Military Science from the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland. 

Garry
Pottruck became our Director and Chairman of our Audit and Compensation Committees in July 2009. Since January 2011, Mr. Pottruck
has been employed as a tax principal at the CPA firm of Blum and Blum. From 1997 through 2011, he was partner in the certified public
accounting firm, Friedberg and Pottruck, PA, and its successor firm, located in Deerfield Beach, FL. Mr. Pottruck held financial executive
positions with several companies, both public and private, from 1984 through 1994. Prior to 1984, Mr. Pottruck worked for public accounting
firms after graduating with a B.S. Degree in Accounting from the C.W. Post School of Professional Accountancy at Long Island University
in 1979. He is currently licensed as a Certified Public Accountant in Florida. 

Dale
Vanderputten, PhD became our Chief Scientific Officer on July 27, 2016. Dr. Vanderputten has been CEO and CSO of the biotechnology
company Omnia Biologics, Inc., headquartered in Rockville, MD since 2003. From 1999 through 2003 he was COO and CSO of cancer gene therapy
company DirectGene, Inc., headquartered in Annapolis, MD. Dr VanderPutten has held scientific and technology development positions in
government, academia and industry from 1980 through 1999 including at the National Institutes of Health, University of Maryland, and
Proteome Sciences, plc. Dr. VanderPutten received a Bachelor of Sciences degree in Biology and Chemistry from the American University
in Washington, DC in 1982, a PhD in Genetics from the George Washington University in 1993 and an MBA from the University of Maryland
in 1996. He did his doctoral and post-doctoral training in molecular neuro-biology at the National Institutes of Health. Dr. Vanderputten
will begin his tenure as CSO by taking over Nutra Pharma s clinical product development. RPI-78M, the Company s therapy for
Multiple Sclerosis, received Orphan Designation from the FDA for the treatment of Juvenile Multiple Sclerosis in September 2015. Dr.
Vanderputten will work with our researchers and regulators to move RPI-78M through the clinical process for an eventual approval or licensing. 

Section
16(a) Compliance of Officers and Directors 

As
of July 1, 2021, based on our review of Forms 3, 4, 5, and Schedule 13D furnished to us during the last fiscal year, all of our
officers and directors filed the required reports. 

Corporate
Governance 

a.
Committees 

(i)
Audit Committee 

On
November 5, 2004, our Board of Directors established an Audit Committee. An audit committee charter was approved by the Board on October
14, 2012. Mr. Pottruck became the Chairman/Member of the Audit Committee as of July 29, 2009. Dr. Lonky also serves on the Audit Committee.
During our 2018 Fiscal Year, our Audit Committee met three times in connection with our Fiscal
Year audit, at which time the audit committee reviewed the audited financial statements and related notes. In addition, the audit committee
met prior to the filing of each of the 2018 quarterly reports to review such reports. The Audit Committee addresses any questions it
has to our Board members and officers, and our principal independent accountants. 

(ii)
Compensation Committee 

On
November 5, 2004, our Board of Directors established a Compensation Committee. We do not have a Compensation Committee Charter. Dr. Lonky
serves on our Compensation Committee and Mr. Pottruck became our Compensation Committee s Chairman as of July 29, 2009. During
our 2018 fiscal year, our Compensation Committee met three times. Our Compensation Committee reviews all salaries, expenses, stock plans,
and other compensation paid to our officers, directors, consultants, and others. Our Compensation Committee has not adopted any specific
processes or procedures for considering executive and director compensation. 

39 

(iii)
Nominating Committee 

We
do not have a Nominating Committee or similar committee performing similar functions nor a written Nominating Committee Charter. Our
Board of Directors as a whole decides such matters, including those that would be performed by a standing nominating committee. We have
not yet adopted a nominating committee because we have not sufficiently developed revenue-generating operations. We do not currently
have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to our Board of Directors nor do we have any process or procedure
for evaluating such nominees. 

b.
Shareholder Communications 

Our
Board of Directors does not have any defined policy or procedure requirements for our stockholders to send communications to our Board
of Directors, including submission of recommendations for nominating directors. We have not yet adopted a process for our security holders
to communicate with our Board of Directors because we have not sufficiently developed our operations and corporate governance structure.
We have a toll-free number at (877) 895-5647 available on our website for our shareholders to contact us as well as a dedicated email
address at investor.relations@nutrapharma.com. 

c.
Board of Director Meetings 

We
had five Board of Directors meetings during our 2019 Fiscal Year. Our corporate actions that were subject to Board approval were accomplished
by Board resolutions. We request that all of our Directors attend our Board of Director meetings; however, we have no formal policy regarding
their attendance. 

d.
Annual Shareholder Meetings 

We
held no annual shareholder meeting during 2019. 

We
request that all of our Directors attend our Annual Shareholder Meetings; however, we have no formal policy regarding their attendance. 

e.
Code of Ethics 

We
have a code of ethics that applies to all of our employees including its principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer. A copy of this code is available without charge on our website at www.nutrapharma.com. We intend to disclose
any changes in or waivers from our code of ethics by posting such information on our website or by filing a Form 8-K. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table summarizes compensation information for the last two fiscal years for (i) our Chief Executive Officer and (ii) the four
most highly compensated executive officers other than the Chief Executive Officer who were serving as our executive officers at the end
of the fiscal year (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 

The
following executive compensation disclosure reflects all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the executive officers below,
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

SUMMARY
COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name
 and principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option 
 Awards ) 
 Non-
 Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Rik Deitsch 
 2018 
 130,000 

130,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief
 Financial Officer, President and Chairman of the Board 
 2019 
 130,000 

130,000 

Dale Vanderputten 
 2018 
 144,000 

144,000 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer 
 2019 
 144,000 

144,000 

40 

The
following director compensation disclosure reflects all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to the directors below for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2019. 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned or
 Paid in Cash )(1) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive 
 Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred 
 Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Stewart Lonky 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Garry Pottruck 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 Harold H. Rumph 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

(1)
 
 Represents
 salary accrued or paid during 2019 

Director
Compensation 

There
are no standard arrangements to which directors are compensated for services provided to us. Should we obtain adequate funding or sufficient
revenues to justify standard arrangements for director compensation, we will consider whether to adopt such a compensation plan. 

Stock
Option Grants in Last Fiscal Year 

We
did not grant incentive and non-qualified stock options in 2019 to any executive officer or director. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following tables sets forth, as of July 1, 2021, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common
stock by each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common stock and by each of our current directors
and executive officers. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise
indicated. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information
furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes
the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of
the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial
ownership within 60 days. 

Under
the Securities and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and
a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. We
are unaware of any contract or arrangement that could result in a change in control of our company. 

41 

The
following table assumes based on our stock records, that there are 7,260,119,714 shares of common stocks and 3,000,000 shares of Series
A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of July 1, 2021: 

Security
Ownership of Management and Beneficial Owners 

Name
 and Address of Director or Executive Officer 
 Number
 of Common Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percent
 of Common Shares 
 Number
 of Series A Preferred Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Percent 
 of Preferred Shares 
 
 of Total Votes Held (Common Preferred) (3) 

Rik J. Deitsch 
 43,298,859 
 0.60 
 3,000,000 
 100.00 
 29.66 
 
 Chief Executive Officer/President 

1537 NW 65 th Ave 

Plantation, FL 33313 

Dr. Stewart Lonky 
 4,755,450 
 0.07 
 0 
 0.00 
 0.05 
 
 Director 

12936 Discovery Creek 

Playa Vista, CA 90094 

Harold Rumph 
 4,966,675 
 0.07 
 0 
 0.00 
 0.05 
 
 Director 

1537 NW 65 th Ave 

Plantation, FL 33313 

Garry Pottruck 
 4,698,475 
 0.07 
 0 
 0.00 
 0.05 
 
 Director 

10768 NW 18 Court 

Coral Springs, Florida 33071 

Dale Vanderputten, PhD 
 2,500,000 
 0.03 
 0 
 0.00 
 0.02 
 
 Chief Scientific Officer 

7120 Hialeah Ln 

Parkland, FL 33067 

All executive officers and directors as
 a group (5) persons 
 60,219,459 
 0.84 
 3,000,000 
 100.00 
 29.83 

(1) 
 Based
 upon 7,260,119,714 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the Record Date. 
 
 (2) 
 Based
 upon 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of the Record Date. 
 
 (3) 
 Based
 upon 7,260,119,714 shares of common stock and 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Each Series A Preferred Stock entitled
 to 1,000 votes per share or an aggregate of 3,000,000,000 votes. 

42 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Due
to(from) our Chief Executive Officer 

At
December 31, 2019, the balance due to our President and CEO, Rik Deitsch, is 122,812, which is an unsecured demand loan that bears interest
at 4 . During the year ended December 31, 2019, we advanced 134,015 to and collected 5,000 from Mr. Deitsch and the Companies owned
by him. Additionally, accrued interest on the demand loan was 6,330 and is included in the due to officer account. For the year ended
December 31, 2019, we recorded a bad debt expense of 59,000. The Company has fully reserved receivables from companies owned by the
Company s CEO. The reserve was 564,470 as of December 31, 2019, which represents a full valuation allowance for amounts owed by
these Companies. 

At
December 31, 2018, the balance due to our President and CEO, Rik Deitsch, is 186,497, which is an unsecured demand loan that bears interest
at 4 . During the year ended December 31, 2018, we advanced 162,775 to and collected 105,900 from Mr. Deitsch and the Companies owned
by him. Additionally, accrued interest on the demand loan was 7,674 and is included in the due to officer account. As of December 31,
2018, we recorded a bad debt expense of 505,470 which represents a full valuation allowance for amounts owed by these Companies. 

Debt
owed to a Director 

During
2010, we borrowed 200,000 from one of our directors. Under the terms of the loan agreement, this loan was expected to be repaid in nine
months to a year from the date of the loan along with interest calculated at 10 for the first month plus 12 after 30 days from funding.
We are in default regarding this loan. The loan is under personal guarantee by Mr. Deitsch. We repaid principal balance in full as of
December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, we owed this director accrued interest of 159,555 and 141,808. The interest expense
for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 17,747 and 15,772. 

Debt
owed to a related party 

In
December 2017, we issued a promissory note to a related party in the amount of 12,000 with original issuance discount of 2,000. The
note was amended in December 2018 with original issuance discount of 2,400 and was due in twelve months from the execution and funding
of the note. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance of the loan is 14,400 and 12,000, net of debt discount of 0 and
 2,400, respectively. The Note was settled in June 2020. 

Director
Independence 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC-Markets; that trading medium does not have director independence requirements. Under Item 407(a) of
Regulation S-K, we have adopted the definition of independence used by the NYSE American, which may be found in the guide at (s) 121(A)
(2) (2007). This definition states that our Board of Directors must affirmatively determine whether any of our directors have a relationship
that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities of a director. Based on this definitional
standard, our Board of Directors has determined that none of our Directors are independent. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed to us for fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 by our previous auditor, Daszkal Bolton, LLP, were approximately
 16,000 for professional services rendered for the reviews of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements included in quarterly
reports and other services related to statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

The
fees billed to us or to be billed by our current auditor, RotenbergMeril, for the audit of our 2018 and 2019 annual consolidated financial
statements and the review of our interim condensed consolidated financial statements was 40,000 and 45,000. 

43 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees represent review of registration statements or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
or engagements for those fiscal years, and the aggregate fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to
the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. No such fees were billed by
RotenbergMeril, or Daszkal Bolton, LLP for 2019 or 2018, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

No
such fees were billed by RotenbergMeril or Daszkal Bolton, LLP for 2019 or 2018, respectively. 

All
Other Fees 

No
such fees were billed by RotenbergMeril or Daszkal Bolton, LLP for 2019 or 2018, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2019, the Company did not have a formal documented pre-approval policy for the fees of the principal accountant. The
Company has an audit committee which reviewed all fees to the principal accountant. The percentage of hours expended on the principal
accountant s engagement to audit our financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed
by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent employees was 0 . 

44 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
The following Financial Statements are filed as part of this report under Item 7. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(b)
The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation dated February 1, 2000 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A, Registration No. 33-44398, filed on April 6, 2001) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated July 5, 2000 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A, Registration No. 33-44398, filed on April 6, 2001) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated October 31, 2001 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A, Registration No. 33-44398, filed on April 6, 2001) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger dated April 9, 2008 by and among Nutra Pharma Corp., a California corporation Nutra Pharma ),
 NP Acquisition Corporation, a Nevada corporation wholly owned by Nutra Pharma Acquisition ), ReceptoPharm, Inc.,
 a Nevada corporation Receptopharm and the stockholders of Receptopharm (incorporated by reference from Form
 8-K filed on April 14, 2008). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Patent Assignment Agreement dated January 24, 2006 between Nanologix, Inc. and Nutra Pharma Corp. (incorporated by reference from Form 10-K for period ending December 31, 2006) 
 
 10.19 
 
 International License Agreement between NanoLogix, Inc. and Nutra Pharma Corp. (incorporated by reference from Form 10-K for period ending December 31, 2006) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (incorporated by reference from Report on Form 10-K/A filed on May 7, 2004). 
 
 20.3 
 
 License Agreement between Bio-Therapeutics, Inc. and Nutra Pharma Corp (incorporated by reference from Form 10-KSB for the period ending December 31, 2003) 
 
 20.4 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement between Bio-Therapeutics, Inc. and Nutra Pharma Corp (incorporated by reference from Form 10-KSB for the period ending December 31, 2003) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant, Nutra Pharma Corp. (incorporated by reference from Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2008) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form 8-K filed on April 14, 2008 under Item 1.01 regarding acquisition of ReceptoPharm, Inc. as Nutra Pharma Corp. s wholly owned subsidiary and Exhibit 10.1 (April 10, 2008 Agreement and Plan of Merger) attached thereto (incorporated by reference to this Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2008). 

45 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NUTRA
 PHARMA CORP. 

/s/
 Rik J. Deitsch 

Rik
 J. Deitsch, Chairman, President, Chief 

Executive
 Officer, Principal Financial 

Officer,
 and Principal Accounting Officer 

Dated:
July 1, 2021 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Rik J. Deitsch 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President, 
 
 July
 1, 2021 

Chief
 Executive Officer, 

Principal
 Financial Officer, 

Principal
 Accounting Officer 

/s/
 Garry R. Pottruck 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 1, 2021 

/s/
 Stewart Lonky 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 1, 2021 

46 

Nutra
Pharma Corporation 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Nutra
Pharma Corp. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nutra Pharma Corp. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the
years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a working capital deficiency. These
matters, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan
in regards to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Rotenberg Meril Solomon Bertiger Guttilla, P.C. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Saddle
Brook, New Jersey 

 July
1, 2021 

F- 2 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 32,479 
 17,065 
 
 Inventory, current portion 
 8,177 
 35,302 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 17,150 
 63,000 
 
 Total current assets 
 57,806 
 115,367 

Inventory, less current portion 
 52,183 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 6,763 
 10,500 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 207,530 
 - 
 
 Security deposit 
 15,550 
 15,550 
 
 Total
 assets 
 339,832 
 141,417 

LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 583,226 
 475,409 
 
 Accrued expenses 
 612,547 
 831,849 
 
 Accrued payroll due to
 officers 
 1,249,393 
 1,050,993 
 
 Accrued interest to related
 parties 
 159,555 
 141,808 
 
 Due to officer 
 122,812 
 186,497 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 835,868 
 1,468 
 
 Other debt, net of discount,
 current portion 
 7,352,954 
 3,338,576 
 
 Operating
 lease obligations, current portion 
 73,278 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 10,989,633 
 6,026,600 
 
 Promissory note, less current portion 
 - 
 51,410 
 
 Convertible note, less current portion 
 907,912 
 - 
 
 Operating lease obligations,
 less current portion 
 143,322 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 12,040,867 
 6,078,010 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, 0.001
 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized: 3,000,000 Series A Preferred shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 3,000 
 3,000 
 
 Common stock, 0.001 par
 value, 8,000,000,000 shares authorized: 5,876,746,111 and 4,046,746,110 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018 
 5,876,746 
 4,046,746 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 50,283,503 
 51,286,503 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (67,864,284 
 (61,272,842 
 
 Total
 stockholders deficit 
 (11,701,035 
 (5,936,593 
 
 Total
 liabilities and stockholders deficit 
 339,832 
 141,417 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 3 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

For
 the years ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Net sales 
 104,393 
 130,596 
 
 Cost of sales 
 (45,730 
 (68,777 
 
 Change in reserve for
 supplier advances for purchases 
 (23,948 
 (47,757 
 
 Gross profit 
 34,715 
 14,062 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative
 - including stock based compensation of 71,500 and 70,000 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively 
 1,202,819 
 1,387,454 
 
 Bad
 debt expense (related party of 59,000 and 505,470) 
 61,789 
 505,470 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,264,608 
 1,892,924 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,229,893 
 (1,878,862 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 
 (244,278 
 (574,334 
 
 Interest expense to related
 parties 
 (17,747 
 (15,772 
 
 Change in fair value of
 convertible notes and derivatives 
 (5,184,445 
 (2,146,950 
 
 Stock issued for loan modification 
 (7,700 
 (174,535 
 
 Gain on settlement of debt, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, net 
 92,621 
 905,758 
 
 Total other income
 (expenses) 
 (5,361,549 
 (2,005,833 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (6,591,442 
 (3,884,695 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 
 - 

Net loss 
 (6,591,442 
 (3,884,695 

Net loss per share -
 basic and diluted 
 (0.00 
 (0.00 

Weighted average number
 of shares outstanding during the year - basic and diluted 
 4,710,306,385 
 3,187,272,679 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 4 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 -December 31, 2017 
 3,000,000 
 3,000 
 2,032,233,701 
 2,032,234 
 49,942,719 
 (57,388,147 
 (5,410,194 

Issuance of common stock
 in exchange for services to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 100,000,000 
 100,000 
 20,000 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Common stock issued for
 debt modification and penalty 
 - 
 - 
 139,782,409 
 139,782 
 34,753 
 - 
 174,535 
 
 Common stock issued for
 conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 1,399,680,000 
 1,399,680 
 1,034,772 
 - 
 2,434,452 
 
 Common stock issued for
 settlement of accounts payable and debt 
 - 
 - 
 335,300,000 
 335,300 
 12,750 
 - 
 348,050 
 
 Common stock issued with
 Debt Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 39,750,000 
 39,750 
 (7,604 
 - 
 32,146 
 
 Beneficial conversion features 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 249,113 
 - 
 249,113 
 
 Net
 loss 

(3,884,695 
 (3,884,695 
 
 Balance -December 31,
 2018 
 3,000,000 
 3,000 
 4,046,746,110 
 4,046,746 
 51,286,503 
 (61,272,842 
 (5,936,593 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for services
 to consultants 
 - 
 - 
 135,000,000 
 135,000 
 (105,000 
 - 
 30,000 
 
 Common stock issued for debt modification and
 penalty 
 - 
 - 
 22,000,000 
 22,000 
 (14,300 
 - 
 7,700 
 
 Common stock issued for conversion of debt 
 - 
 - 
 750,000,000 
 750,000 
 (475,000 
 - 
 275,000 
 
 Common stock issued for settlement of accrued
 expense and debt 
 - 
 - 
 881,000,000 
 881,000 
 (394,600 
 - 
 486,400 
 
 Common stock issued with Debt Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 42,000,001 
 42,000 
 (29,617 
 - 
 12,383 
 
 Warrants issued with Debt Debt discount 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,517 
 - 
 15,517 
 
 Net loss 

(6,591,442 
 (6,591,442 
 
 Balance -December 31,
 2019 
 3,000,000 
 3,000 
 5,876,746,111 
 5,876,746 
 50,283,503 
 (67,864,284 
 (11,701,035 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 5 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

For
 the Years Ended December 31, 

2019 
 2018 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (6,591,442 
 (3,884,695 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in reserve for supplier
 advances for purchases 
 23,948 
 47,757 
 
 Bad debt expense 
 61,789 
 505,470 
 
 Accrued interest expense
 for amount due to officer 
 6,330 
 7,674 
 
 Gain on settlement of
 debt, accounts payable, and accrued expenses 
 (92,621 
 (905,758 
 
 Depreciation 
 3,737 
 5,963 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 71,500 
 70,000 
 
 Stock-based loan modification
 cost 
 7,700 
 174,535 
 
 Change in fair value of
 convertible notes and derivatives 
 5,184,445 
 2,146,950 
 
 Amortization of loan discount 
 100,810 
 378,754 
 
 Amortization of operating
 lease right-of-use assets 
 73,645 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Increase in accounts receivable 
 (18,203 
 (1,922 
 
 Increase in inventory 
 (25,058 
 (15,160 
 
 Increase in prepaid expenses
 and other current assets 
 (19,598 
 (8,257 
 
 Increase in accounts payable 
 107,817 
 86,567 
 
 Increase in accrued expenses 
 209,970 
 184,391 
 
 Increase in accrued payroll
 due to officers 
 198,400 
 214,500 
 
 Decrease in deferred revenue 
 - 
 (22,490 
 
 Increase in accrued interest
 to related parties 
 17,747 
 15,772 
 
 Decrease
 in operating lease obligations 
 (64,575 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in operating
 activities 
 (743,659 
 (999,949 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Loans from officer 
 5,000 
 105,900 
 
 Repayment of officer
 loans 
 (134,015 
 (162,775 
 
 Proceeds from convertible
 notes 
 782,374 
 1,101,800 
 
 Repayment of convertible
 notes 
 (13,500 
 (3,000 
 
 Other advances from an
 unrelated third party 
 175,000 
 - 
 
 Repayments
 of other notes payable 
 (71,200 
 (41,976 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 743,659 
 999,949 

Net increase in cash 
 - 
 - 

Cash - beginning of period 
 - 
 - 

Cash - end of period 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 661 
 5,425 
 
 Cash
 paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Non Cash Financing and Investing: 

Stocks
 issued in settlement of notes, accounts payable, and accrued expenses 
 486,400 
 348,050 
 
 Shares
 issued for conversion of debt 
 275,000 
 2,434,452 
 
 Common
 stock issued with Debt--Debt discount 
 12,383 
 32,146 
 
 Warrants
 issued with Debt Debt discount 
 15,517 
 - 
 
 Debt
 discount for beneficial conversion features 
 - 
 249,113 
 
 Right-of-use
 asset due to adoption of ASC 842 
 281,175 
 - 
 
 Operating
 lease liabilities due to adoption of ASC 842 
 281,175 
 - 
 
 Reclassification
 of accrued interest to debt 
 66,460 
 - 

See
the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 6 

NUTRA
PHARMA CORP. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2019 and 2018 

1.
BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Organization 

Nutra
Pharma Corp. Nutra Pharma ), is a holding company that owns intellectual property and operates in the biotechnology industry.
Nutra Pharma was incorporated under the laws of the state of California on February 1, 2000, under the original name of Exotic-Bird.com. 

Through
its wholly-owned subsidiary, ReceptoPharm, Inc. ReceptoPharm ), Nutra Pharma conducts drug discovery research and development
activities. In October 2009, Nutra Pharma launched its first consumer product called Cobroxin , an over-the-counter pain
reliever designed to treat moderate to severe chronic pain. In May 2010, Nutra Pharma launched its second consumer product called Nyloxin ,
an over-the-counter pain reliever that is a stronger version of Cobroxin and is designed to treat severe chronic pain.
In December 2014, we launched Pet Pain-Away, an over-the-counter pain reliever designed to treat pain in cats and dogs. 

Basis
of Presentation and Consolidation 

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the results of Nutra Pharma and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Designer Diagnostics
Inc. and ReceptoPharm (collectively the Company , us , we or our ). We operate as
one reportable segment. Designer Diagnostics Inc. has been inactive since June 2011. All intercompany transactions and balances have
been eliminated in consolidation. 

Reclassification
of Prior Year Presentation 

Certain
prior year amounts have been reclassified for consistency with the current year presentation. These reclassifications had no effect on
the reported results of operations. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

Our
Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a going concern basis, which contemplate the realization of assets and satisfaction
of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have experienced recurring, significant losses from operations, and have an accumulated
deficit of 67,864,284 at December 31, 2019. In addition, we have a significant amount of indebtedness in default, a working capital
deficit of 10,931,827 and a stockholders deficit of 11,701,035 at December 31, 2019. 

There
is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern which is contingent upon our ability to secure additional financing,
increase ownership equity and attain profitable operations. In addition, our ability to continue as a going concern must be considered
in light of the problems, expenses and complications frequently encountered in established markets and the competitive environment in
which we operate. 

We
do not have sufficient cash to sustain our operations for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report and will require
additional financing in order to execute our operating plan and continue as a going concern. Since our sales are not currently adequate
to fund our operations, we continue to rely principally on debt and equity funding; however, proceeds from such funding have not been
sufficient to execute our business plan. Our plan is to attempt to secure adequate funding until sales of our pain products are adequate
to fund our operations. We cannot predict whether additional financing will be available, and/or whether any such funding will be in
the form of equity, debt, or another form. In the event that these financing sources do not materialize, or if we are unsuccessful in
increasing our revenues and profits, we will be unable to implement our current plans for expansion, repay our obligations as they become
due and continue as a going concern. 

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded
asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

F- 7 

Impact
of COVID-19 on our Operations 

The
ramifications of the outbreak of the novel strain of COVID-19, reported to have started in December 2019 and spread globally, are filled
with uncertainty and changing quickly. Our operations have continued during the COVID-19 pandemic and we have not had significant disruption.
Beginning in June 2020, the Company experienced a delay in retail rollout as a downstream implication of the slowing economy. We also
closed our Coral Springs office in effort to save money. During May 2020, we received approval from SBA to fund our request for a PPP
loan for 64,895. We intended to use the proceeds primarily for payroll costs. During April and June 2020, we obtained the loan in the
amount of 154,900 from SBA under its Economic Injury Disaster Loan assistance program. We intended to use the proceeds primarily for
working capital purpose (See Note 13). 

The
Company is operating in a rapidly changing environment so the extent to which COVID-19 impacts its business, operations and financial
results from this point forward will depend on numerous evolving factors that the Company cannot accurately predict. Those factors include
the following: the duration and scope of the pandemic; governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue
to be taken in response to the pandemic; and the distribution of testing and a vaccine. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America which require management to make estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenue and expense. Significant estimates include our ability to continue as going concern, the recoverability of inventories
and long-lived assets, the recoverability of amounts due from officer, the valuation of stock-based compensation and certain debt and
derivative liabilities, recognition of loss contingencies and deferred tax valuation allowances. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Changes in facts and circumstances may result in revised estimates, which would be recorded in the period in which they
become known. 

Revenue
from Contracts with Customers 

On
January 1, 2018, we adopted Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC Topic 606 using the modified retrospective
method applied to those contracts which were not completed as of January 1, 2018. The cumulative impact of adopting ASC Topic 606 resulted
in no changes to retained earnings at January 1, 2018. The impact to revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 was an increase of
 4,403 as a result of applying ASC 606 to certain revenues generated through online distributors which are now presented gross as we
have control over providing the products related to such revenues. This new revenue recognition standard (new guidance) has a five-step
process: a) Determine whether a contract exists b) Identify the performance obligations c) Determine the transaction price 
d) Allocate the transaction price and e) Recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. The Company has
evaluated the impact of ASC Topic 606 and determined that there is no change to the Company s accounting policies, except for the
recording of certain product sales to a distributor, in which a portion of the cash proceeds received is remitted back to the distributor.
Under ASC Topic 606, the Company determined that these sales should be recorded on a gross basis. 

Our
revenues are primarily derived from customer orders for the purchase of our products. We recognize revenues as performance obligations
are fulfilled upon shipment of products. We record revenues net of promotions and discounts. For certain product sales to a distributor,
we record revenue including a portion of the cash proceeds that is remitted back to the distributor. 

F- 8 

For
the year ended December 31, 2018, the revenue recognized from contracts with customers was 130,596. The impact of adoption of ASC 606
on our 2018 consolidated statement of operations was as follows: 

With Implementation of
 ASC 606 
 Before Implementation of
 ASC 606 
 Effect
 of Implementation 
 
 Revenue 
 130,596 
 126,193 
 4,403 
 
 Costs of sales 
 (68,777 
 (64,374 
 (4,403 
 
 Net effect of ASC 606
 implementation 

There
was no balance sheet impact. 

Accounting
for Shipping and Handling Costs 

We
account for shipping and handling as fulfillment activities and record shipping and handling costs incurred within revenue. 

Accounts
Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

We
grant credit without collateral to our customers based on our evaluation of a particular customer s credit worthiness. Accounts
receivable are due 30 days after the issuance of the invoice. In addition, allowances for doubtful accounts are maintained for potential
credit losses based on the age of the accounts receivable and the results of periodic credit evaluations of our customers financial
condition. Accounts receivable are written off after collection efforts have been deemed to be unsuccessful. Accounts written off as
uncollectible are deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts, while subsequent recoveries are netted against the provision for
doubtful accounts expense. We generally do not charge interest on accounts receivable. We use third party payment processors and are
required to maintain reserve balances, which are included in accounts receivable. 

Accounts
receivable are stated at estimated net realizable value. Accounts receivable are comprised of balances due from customers net of estimated
allowances for uncollectible accounts. During the year ended December 31, 2019, 2,789 of accounts receivable were written off and recorded
as bad debt expense. No allowance for doubtful account is deemed to be required at December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

Inventories 

Inventories,
which are stated at the lower of average cost or net realizable value, consist of packaging materials, finished products, and raw venom
that is utilized to make the API (active pharmaceutical ingredient). The raw unprocessed venom has an indefinite life for use. Commencing
on October 1, 2019, we classify inventory as short-term or long-term inventory based on timing of when it is expected to be consumed.
The Company regularly reviews inventory quantities on hand. If necessary, it records a net realizable value adjustment for excess
and obsolete inventory based primarily on its estimates of product demand and production requirements. Write-downs are charged to cost
of goods sold. We performed an evaluation of our inventory and related accounts at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and increased the reserve
on supplier advances for future venom purchases included in prepaid expenses and other current assets by 23,948 and 47,757, respectively.
At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the total valuation allowance for prepaid venom was 224,859 and 200,911, respectively. 

Financial
Instruments and Concentration of Credit Risk 

Our
financial instruments include cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued expenses, loans payable, due to officers and derivative
financial instruments. Other than certain warrant and convertible instruments (derivative financial instruments) and liabilities to related
parties (for which it was impracticable to estimate fair value due to uncertainty as to when they will be satisfied and a lack of similar
type transactions in the marketplace), we believe the carrying values of our financial instruments approximate their fair values because
they are short term in nature or payable on demand. Our derivative financial instruments are carried at a measured fair value. 

Balances
in various cash accounts may at times exceed federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts. We do not
hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2019, there were two customers
that accounted for 55 and 12 of the total revenues, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2018, there were two customers that
accounted for 32 and 27 of the total revenues, respectively. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, 100 and 84 of the accounts receivable
balance are reserves due from two payment processors. 

F- 9 

Operating
Lease Right-of-Use Asset and Liability 

In
February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), as amended ASC Topic 842 ). The new standard establishes a right-of-use (ROU) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and
a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months and classify as either operating or finance leases.
We adopted this standard effective January 1, 2019 using the modified retrospective approach for all leases entered into before the effective
date. Adoption of the ASC Topic 842 had a significant effect on our balance sheet resulting in increased non-current assets and increased
current and non-current liabilities. There was no impact to retained earnings upon adoption of the new standard. We did not have any
finance leases (formerly referred to as capital leases prior to the adoption of ASC Topic 842), therefore there was no change in accounting
treatment required. For comparability purposes, the Company will continue to comply with the previous disclosure requirements in accordance
with the existing lease guidance and prior periods are not restated. 

The
Company elected the package of practical expedients as permitted under the transition guidance, which allowed us: (1) to carry forward
the historical lease classification; (2) not to reassess whether expired or existing contracts are or contain leases; and, (3) not to
reassess the treatment of initial direct costs for existing leases. 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 842, at the inception of an arrangement, the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease
based on the unique facts and circumstances present and the classification of the lease including whether the contract involves the use
of a distinct identified asset, whether we obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset, and
whether we have the right to direct the use of the asset. Leases with a term greater than one year are recognized on the balance sheet
as ROU assets, lease liabilities and, if applicable, long-term lease liabilities. The Company has elected not to recognize on the balance
sheet leases with terms of one year or less under practical expedient in paragraph ASC 842-20-25-2. 

Lease
liabilities and their corresponding ROU assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected lease term.
The implicit rate within our operating leases are generally not determinable and, therefore, the Company uses the incremental borrowing
rate at the lease commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments. The determination of the Company s incremental
borrowing rate requires judgment. The Company determines the incremental borrowing rate for each lease using our estimated borrowing
rate. 

For
periods prior to the adoption of ASC Topic 842, the Company recorded rent expense based on the term of the related lease. The expense
recognition for operating leases under ASC Topic 842 is substantially consistent with prior guidance. As a result, there are no significant
differences in our results of operations presented. 

The
impact of the adoption of ASC 842 on the balance sheet was: 

As reported 
 Adoption
 of ASC 
 Balance 

December 31, 
 842 - increase 
 January 1, 

2018 
 (decrease) 
 2019 
 
 Operating lease right-of-assets 
 - 
 281,175 
 281,175 
 
 Total assets 
 141,417 
 281,175 
 422,592 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 - 
 64,573 
 64,573 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current
 portion 
 - 
 216,602 
 216,602 
 
 Total liabilities 
 6,078,010 
 281,175 
 6,359,185 
 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 141,417 
 281,175 
 422,592 

F- 10 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

Management
evaluates all of its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives. For derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded
at its fair value and is then re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported as charges or credits to income.
For option-based simple derivative financial instruments, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value the derivative
instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments
should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities
are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument
could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

We
do not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks. 

Convertible
Debt 

For
convertible debt that does not contain an embedded derivative that requires bifurcation, the conversion feature is evaluated to determine
if the rate of conversion is below market value and should be categorized as a beneficial conversion feature BCF ). A BCF
related to debt is recorded by the Company as a debt discount and with the offset recorded to equity. The related convertible debt is
recorded net of the discount for the BCF. The discount is amortized as additional interest expense over the term of the debt with the
resulting debt discount being accreted over the term of the note. 

The
Fair Value Measurement Option 

We
have elected the fair value measurement option for convertible debt with embedded derivatives that require bifurcation, and record the
entire hybrid financing instrument at fair value under the guidance of ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC Topic
815 ). The Company reports interest expense, including accrued interest, related to this convertible debt under the fair value
option, within the change in fair value of convertible notes and derivatives in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Derivative
Accounting for Convertible Debt and Options and Warrants 

The
Company evaluated the terms and conditions of the convertible debt under the guidance of ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The
conversion terms of some of the convertible notes are variable based on certain factors, such as the future price of the Company s
common stock. The number of shares of common stock to be issued is based on the future price of the Company s common stock. The
number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the debt is indeterminate. Due to the fact that the number of shares of
common stock issuable could exceed the Company s authorized share limit, the equity environment is tainted, and all additional
convertible debt and options and warrants are included in the value of the derivative liabilities. Pursuant to ASC 815-15, Embedded
Derivatives , the fair values of the convertible debt, options and warrants and shares to be issued were recorded as derivative liabilities
on the issuance date and revalued at each reporting period. 

Property
and Equipment 

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. Expenditures for major improvements and additions are added to property and equipment, while replacements,
maintenance and repairs which do not extend the useful lives are expensed. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful lives of the assets of 3 7 years. 

Long-Lived Assets 

The
carrying value of long-lived assets is reviewed annually and on a regular basis for the existence of facts and circumstances that may
suggest impairment. If indicators of impairment are present, we determine whether the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
attributable to the long-lived asset in question is less than its carrying amount. If less, we measure the amount of the impairment based
on the amount that the carrying value of the impaired asset exceeds the discounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposal of the impaired assets. 

Income
Taxes 

We
compute income taxes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC Topic 740 ). Under ASC Topic 740, deferred taxes are recognized for the tax consequences
of temporary differences by applying enacted statutory rates applicable to future years to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets also arise from net operating losses carried
forward. Also, the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment
date. Temporary differences between financial and tax reporting arise primarily from the use of different methods to record bad debts
and /or sales returns, inventory reserves, and accrued expense. 

On
an annual basis, we evaluate tax positions that have been taken or are expected to be taken in our tax returns to determine if they are
more than likely to be sustained if the taxing authority examines the respective position. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, we do not believe
we have a need to record any liabilities for uncertain tax positions or provisions for interest or penalties related to such positions. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation ASC Topic 718 ).
ASC Topic 718, which requires that the cost resulting from all share-based transactions be recorded in the financial statements over
the respective service periods. It establishes fair value as the measurement objective in accounting for share-based payment arrangements
and requires all entities to apply a fair-value-based measurement in accounting for share-based payment transactions with employees.
The statement also establishes fair value as the measurement objective for transactions in which an entity acquires goods or services
from non-employees in share-based payment transactions. 

F- 11 

Net
Loss Per Share 

Net
loss per share is calculated in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share . Basic loss per share is calculated by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing
net loss by the weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding. During periods in which we
incur losses, common stock equivalents, if any, are not considered, as their effect would be anti-dilutive or have no effect on earnings
per share. Any common shares issued as of a result of the exercise of conversion options and warrants would come from newly issued
common shares from our remaining authorized shares. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the following items were not included in dilutive
loss as the effect is anti-dilutive: 

31-Dec-19 
 31-Dec-18 
 
 Options and warrants 
 52,500,000 
 12,600,000 
 
 Convertible notes payable at fair value 
 11,672,780,512 
 4,448,128,953 
 
 Convertible notes payable 
 1,624,914,267 
 1,131,893,633 
 
 Total 
 13,350,194,779 
 5,592,622,586 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU
2019-12 ), which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions
to the general principles in Topic 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15th, 2020, with early adoption
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard, and does not believe that it will have a material effect
on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ,
which simplifies and clarifies certain calculation and presentation matters related to convertible and equity and debt instruments. Specifically,
ASU-2020-06 removes requirements to separately account for conversion features as a derivative under ASC Topic 815 and removing the requirement
to account for beneficial conversion features on such instruments. Accounting Standards Update 2020-06 also provides clearer guidance
surrounding disclosure of such instruments and provides specific guidance for how such instruments are to be incorporated in the calculation
of Diluted EPS. The guidance under ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company
will adopt this standard using a modified retrospective approach effective January 1, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact
of this standard, and does not believe that it will have a material effect on the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

All
other newly issued accounting pronouncements but not yet effective have been deemed either immaterial or not applicable. 

2.
FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 

Certain
assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2019 and 2018 are measured in accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 820-10-05, Fair Value Measurements . FASB ASC Topic 820-10-05 defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value and expands the disclosure requirements regarding fair value measurements for financial assets and liabilities as
well as for non-financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value on a recurring basis in the financial
statements. 

The
statement requires fair value measurement be classified and disclosed in one of the following three categories: 

Level
 1: 
 
 Unadjusted
 quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical unrestricted assets or liabilities; 
 
 Level
 2: 
 
 Quoted
 prices in markets that are not active or inputs which are observable either directly or indirectly for substantially the full term
 of the asset or liability; and 
 
 Level
 3: 
 
 Prices
 or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e. supported
 by little or no market activity). 

F- 12 

The
following table summarizes our financial instruments measured at fair value at December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018: 

Fair
 Value Measurements at December 31, 2019 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Total 
 Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 
 Warrant liability 
 1,411 
 - 
 - 
 1,411 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 834,457 
 - 
 - 
 834,457 
 
 Convertible notes at fair value 
 5,814,047 
 - 
 - 
 5,814,047 

Fair
 Value Measurements at December 31, 2018 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Total 
 Level
 1 
 Level
 2 
 Level
 3 
 
 Warrant liability 
 1,468 
 - 
 - 
 1,468 
 
 Convertible notes at fair value 
 1,156,341 
 - 
 - 
 1,156,341 

The
following table shows the changes in fair value measurements for the warrant liability using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018: 

Description 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Beginning balance 
 1,468 
 5,903 
 
 Total gain included
 in earnings (1) 
 (57 
 (4,435 
 
 Ending balance 
 1,411 
 1,468 

(1) 
 The
 gain related to the revaluation of our warrant liability is included in Change in fair value of convertible notes and derivatives 
 in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

We
valued our warrants using a Dilution-Adjusted Black-Scholes Model. Assumptions used include (1) 1.55 to 1.59 risk-free rate, (2) warrant
life is the remaining contractual life of the warrants, (3) expected volatility of 348 (4) zero expected dividends (5) exercise price
set forth in the agreements (6) common stock price of the underlying share on the valuation date, and (7) number of shares to be issued
if the instrument is converted. 

We
valued derivative liabilities using the number of potential convertible shares for warrants in equity and convertible notes with fixed
conversion price that are recorded at amortized cost times the closing stock price of our restricted common stock at December 31, 2019.
These derivative liabilities are recorded due to the fact that the number of shares of common stock issuable could exceed the Company s
authorized share limit and the equity environment is tainted, and therefore all convertible debt and options and warrants should be accounted
for as liabilities. 

The
following table summarizes assumptions and the significant terms of the convertible notes for which the entire hybrid instrument is recorded
at fair value at December 31, 2019 and 2018: 

Conversion
 Price - Lower of Fixed Price or Percentage of VWAP for Look-back Period 
 
 Debenture 
 Face 
 Amount 
 Interest 
 Rate 
 Default 
 Interest Rate 
 Discount 
 Rate 
 Anti-Dilution 
 Adjusted Price 
 
 of stock price for look-back period 
 Look-back 
 Period 
 
 2019 
 1,244,204 
 8 -10 
 20 -24 
 N/A 
 0.00010- 0.000293 
 50 -60 
 3
 to 25 Days 
 
 2018 
 1,340,026 
 8 -12 
 18 -20 
 25.95-27.95 
 0.0002- 0.20 
 40 -60 
 3 to 25 Days 

Using
the stated assumptions summarized in table above, we calculated the inception date and reporting period fair values of each note issued.
The following table shows the changes in fair value measurements for the convertible notes at fair value using significant unobservable
inputs (Level 3) during the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018: 

Description 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Beginning balance 
 1,156,341 
 1,925,959 
 
 Purchases and issuances 
 688,274 
 472,029 
 
 Day one loss on value of hybrid instrument
 (1) 
 926,109 
 2,021,041 
 
 Loss from change in fair value (1) 
 3,423,935 
 130,344 
 
 Gain on settlement 
 - 
 (958,581 
 
 Debt discount 
 (22,344 
 - 
 
 Settlement through issuance of common stock 
 (83,268 
 - 
 
 Conversion to common
 stock 
 (275,000 
 (2,434,451 
 
 Ending balance 
 5,814,047 
 1,156,341 

(1) 
 The losses related to the valuation of the
 convertible notes are included in Change in fair value of convertible notes and derivatives in the accompanying consolidated
 statement of operations. 

F- 13 

3.
INVENTORIES 

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value on an average cost basis. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, inventories were as
follows: 

December
 31, 2019 
 December
 31, 2018 
 
 Raw Materials 
 52,183 
 33,431 
 
 Finished Goods 
 8,177 
 1,871 
 
 Total Inventories 
 60,360 
 35,302 
 
 Less: Long-term inventory 
 (52,183 
 - 
 
 Current portion 
 8,177 
 35,302 

4.
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

Property
and equipment consists of the following at December 31, 2019 and 2018: 

December
 31, 2019 
 December
 31, 2018 
 
 Computer equipment 
 25,120 
 25,120 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 34,757 
 34,757 
 
 Lab equipment 
 53,711 
 53,711 
 
 Telephone equipment 
 12,421 
 12,421 
 
 Office equipment other 
 16,856 
 16,856 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 73,168 
 73,168 
 
 Total 
 216,033 
 216,033 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation 
 (209,270 
 (205,533 
 
 Property and equipment,
 net 
 6,763 
 10,500 

We
review our long-lived assets for recoverability if events or changes in circumstances indicate the assets may be impaired. At December
31, 2019, we believe the carrying values of our long-lived assets are recoverable. Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018 was 3,737 and 5,963, respectively. 

5.
DUE TO/FROM OFFICER 

At
December 31, 2019, the balance due to our President and CEO, Rik Deitsch, is 122,812, which is an unsecured demand loan that bears interest
at 4 . During the year ended December 31, 2019, we advanced 134,015 to and collected 5,000 from Mr. Deitsch and the Companies owned
by him. Additionally, accrued interest on the demand loan was 6,330 and is included in the due to officer account. For the year ended
December 31, 2019, we recorded a bad debt expense of 59,000. The Company has fully reserved receivables from companies owned by the
Company s CEO. The reserve was 564,470 and 505,470 as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, which represents a full valuation allowance
for amounts owed by these Companies. 

At
December 31, 2018, the balance due to our President and CEO, Rik Deitsch, is 186,497, which is an unsecured demand loan that bears interest
at 4 . During the year ended December 31, 2018, we advanced 162,775 to and collected 105,900 from Mr. Deitsch and the Companies owned
by him. Additionally, accrued interest on the demand loan was 7,674 and is included in the due to officer account. As of December 31,
2018, we recorded a bad debt expense of 505,470 which represents a full valuation allowance for amounts owed by these Companies. 

6.
DEBTS 

Debts
consist of the following at December 31, 2019 and 2018: 

December
 31, 
 2019 

December
 31, 
 2018 

Note payable Related Party
 (Net of discount of 0 and 2,400, respectively) (1) 

14,400 

12,000 

Notes payable Unrelated third parties (Net
 of discount of 8,921 and 17,870, respectively) (2) 

1,385,163 

1,469,690 

Convertible notes payable Unrelated third parties
 (Net of discount of 17,370 and 29,371, respectively) (3) 

872,256 

751,955 

Convertible notes payable,
 at fair value (Net of discount of 22,344 and 0, respectively) (4) 

5,814,047 

1,156,341 

Other advances from an
 unrelated third party (5) 

175,000 

- 

Ending balances 

8,260,866 

3,389,986 

Less: Long-term portion-Notes
 payable-Unrelated third parties 

(-) 

(51,410) 
 
 Less: Long-term portion-Convertible
 Notes payable-Unrelated third parties 

(907,912) 

- 

Current portion 

7,352,954 

3,338,576 

F- 14 

(1) 
 During
 2010 we borrowed 200,000 from one of our directors. Under the terms of the loan agreement, this loan was expected to be repaid in
 nine months to a year from the date of the loan along with interest calculated at 10 for the first month plus 12 after 30 days
 from funding. We are in default regarding this loan. The loan is under personal guarantee by Mr. Deitsch. We repaid principal balance
 in full as of December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, we owed this director accrued interest of 159,555 and 141,808.
 The interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 17,747 and 15,772. 

In
 December 2017, we issued a promissory note to a related party in the amount of 12,000 with original issuance discount of 2,000.
 The note was amended in December 2018 with original issuance discount of 2,400 and was due in twelve months from the execution and
 funding of the note. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance of the loan is 14,400 and 12,000, net of debt discount
 of 0 and 2,400, respectively. The Note was settled in June 2020. 

(2) 
 At
 December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of 1,385,163 and 1,469,690 net of discount of 8,921 and 17,870, respectively, consisted
 of the following loans: 

In
 August 2016, we issued two Promissory Notes for a total of 200,000 100,000 each) to a company owned by a former director of the
 Company. The notes carry interest at 12 annually and were due on the date that was six-months from the execution and funding of
 the note. Upon default in February 2017, the Notes became convertible at 0.008 per share. During March 2017, we repaid principal
 balance of 6,365. During April 2017, the Notes with accrued interest were restated. The restated principal balance of 201,818 bears
 interest at 12 annually and was due October 12, 2017. During June 2017, we repaid principal balance of 8,844. The loan was reclassified
 to notes payable unrelated third parties after the director resigned in March 2018. At December 31, 2018, we owed principal
 balance of 192,974, and accrued interest of 40,033. The principal balance of 101,818 and
 accrued interest of 21,023 were settled on February 15, 2019 for 104,000 with scheduled payments through May 1, 2020 . We
 recorded a gain on settlement of debt in other income for 18,841. The Company additionally repaid 13,500 during the year
 ended December 31, 2019. At December 31, 2019, we owed principal balance of 160,633 and accrued interest of 50,971.
 90,500 of the balance owed including the accrued interest of 21,023, was settled with payments made through
 November 2020. The remaining principal balance of 91,156 and accrued interest of 29,948 is being disputed in court and negotiation
 for settlement (See Note 13) . 

On
 August 2, 2011 under a settlement agreement with Liquid Packaging Resources, Inc. LPR ), we agreed to pay LPR a total
 of 350,000 in monthly installments of 50,000 beginning August 15, 2011 and ending on February 15, 2012. This settlement amount
 was recorded as general and administrative expenses on the date of the settlement. We did not make the December 2011 or January 2012
 payments and on January 26, 2012, we signed the first amendment to the settlement agreement where we agreed to pay 175,000, which
 was the balance outstanding at December 31, 2011(this includes a 25,000 penalty for non-payment). We repaid 25,000 during the three
 months ended March 31, 2012. We did not make all of the payments under such amendment and as a result pursuant to the original settlement
 agreement, LPR had the right to sell 142,858 shares (5,714,326 shares pre reverse stock split) of our free trading stock held in
 escrow by their attorney and receive cash settlements for a total amount of 450,000 (the initial 350,000 plus total default penalties
 of 100,000). The 100,000 penalty was expensed during 2012. LPR sold the note to Southridge Partners, LLP Southridge for consideration of 281,772 in June 2012. In August 2013 the debt of 281,772 reverted back to LPR. 

At
 December 31, 2012, we owed University Centre West Ltd. approximately 55,410 for rent, which was assigned and sold to Southridge,
 and it is currently outstanding and carries no interest. 

In
 April 2016, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 10,000 bearing interest at 10 annually. The
 note was due in one year from the execution and funding of the note. The note is in default and negotiation of settlement. At December
 31, 2019 and 2018, the accrued interest is 3,755 and 2,739. 

In
 May 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 75,000 bearing monthly interest at a
 rate of 2 . The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. During April 2017, we accepted the offer of
 a settlement to issue 5,000,000 common shares as a repayment of 25,000. The note is in default and in negotiation of settlement.
 At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the outstanding principal balance is 50,000 and accrued interest is 49,967 and 37,801. 

In
 June 2016, the Company issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 50,000 bearing monthly interest at
 a rate of 2 . The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. The note is in default and negotiation of
 settlement. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the outstanding principal balance is 50,000 and accrued interest is 43,166 and 31,000.

F- 15 

In
 August 2016, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 150,000 bearing monthly interest at a rate
 of 2.5 . The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. During April 2017, the note with accrued interest
 were restated. The restated principal balance of 180,250 bears monthly interest at a rate of 2.5 and was due October 20, 2017.
 During January 2018, the note with accrued interest were restated. The restated principal balance of 220,506 bears monthly interest
 at a rate of 2.5 and was due July 12, 2018. In connection with this restated note, we issued 2,000,000 shares of our restricted
 common stock (See Note 7). We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 2,765 to reflect the value of the common stock as a reduction
 to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in capital. Amortization for
 the debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2018 was 2,765. During July 2018, we issued 5,000,000 restricted shares due to
 the default on repayment of the promissory note of 220,506 restated in January 2018 (See Note 7). The shares were valued at fair
 value of 5,500. During December 2018, the note with accrued interest were restated. The restated principal balance of 282,983 bears
 monthly interest at a rate of 2.0 and was due June 17, 2019. In connection with this restated note, we issued 10,000,000
 shares of our restricted common stock (See Note 7). We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 3,945 to reflect the value of the
 common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in
 capital. Amortization for this debt discount for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 3,616 and 329, respectively. During
 September 2019, the Notes of 282,983 plus accrued interest amended in December 2018 were restated. The restated principal balance
 of 333,543 were due September 2020. In connection with this restated note, we issued 20,000,000 shares of our common stock. The
 common stock was valued at 5,895(See Note 7) and recorded as a debt discount that was amortized over the life of the note. Amortization
 for this debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2019 was 1,474 and debt discount at December 31, 2019 is 4,421. The Note
 is in default and negotiation of settlement. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance is 333,543 and 282,983, and the
 accrued interest is 25,127 and 2,830, respectively. 

On
 September 26, 2016, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 75,000 bearing interest at 10 annually.
 The note was due in one year from the execution and funding of the note. In March 2018, 15,000 of the principal balance of the note
 was assigned to an unrelated third party and is in negotiation of settlement. In January 2019, the remaining principal balance of
 60,000 and accrued interest of 15,900 was restated in the form of a Convertible Note (See Note 6(4)). At December 31, 2019 and
 2018, the principal balance outstanding is 15,000 and 75,000, and the accrued interest is 1,371 and 17,271, respectively. 

In
 October 2016, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 50,000 bearing monthly interest at a rate
 of 2 . The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. The note is in default and in negotiation of settlement.
 At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the accrued interest is 39,466 and 27,300. 

In
 June 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 12,500 bearing interest at 10 annually. The
 note was due in one year from the execution and funding of the note. The note is in default and in negotiation of settlement. At
 December 31, 2019 and 2018, the accrued interest is 3,212 and 1,944. 

During
 July 2017, we received a loan for a total of 200,000 from an unrelated third party. The loan was repaid through scheduled payments
 through August 2017 along with interest on average 15 annum. We have recorded loan costs in the amount of 5,500 for the loan origination
 fees paid at inception date. The debt discount was fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. During June 2018, the loan was settled
 with two unrelated third parties for 130,401 and 40,000, respectively, with the monthly scheduled repayments of approximately 5,000
 and 2,000 per month to each unrelated party through July 2020. We recorded a gain on settlement of debt in other income for 20,927
 in June 2018. The Company repaid a total of 34,976 and 42,698 during 2018 and 2019, respectively. At December 31, 2019 and 2018,
 the principal balance is 92,728 and 135,426. The portion of settlement of 130,401 was repaid in full in April 2021. The remaining
 balance of 33,874 is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

In
 July 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 50,000 with original issue discount of 10,000.
 The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. The original issuance discount was fully amortized as
 of December 31, 2019. The note is in default and in negotiation of settlement. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance
 of the note is 50,000. 

In
 September 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 51,000 with original issue discount of
 8,500. The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. The original issuance discount was fully amortized
 as of December 31, 2018. The Company repaid 8,500 in cash in November 2017. In May 2018, the Noteholder received a total of 187,500,000
 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 243,750 in satisfaction of the remaining balance of 42,500. We recorded
 a loss on settlement of debt in other expense for 201,250 (See Note 7). As of December 31, 2018, the note was repaid in full. 

F- 16 

In
 September 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 36,000 with original issue discount of
 6,000. During September 2018 and 2019, the Note was amended with original issuance discount of 6,000 each due in September 2019
 and 2020, respectively. The Note was further restated in September 2020. The restated principal balance was 33,000 with the original
 issuance discount of 3,000 and was due March 2021. The original issue discount is amortized over the term of the loan. Amortization
 for the debt discount for the years ended 2019 and 2018 was 7,500 and 4,000, respectively. Repayments of 1,500, 7,000 and 5,000
 have been made during 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The Note is under personal guarantee by Mr. Deitsch. At December 31, 2019
 and 2018, the principal balance of the note is 30,000 and 27,500, net of debt discount of 4,500 and 6,000, respectively. During
 March 2021, the remaining balance of 30,000 was sold to an unrelated third party in the form of a convertible note at a fixed conversion
 price of 0.01 per share. The new note carries interest at 12 with scheduled monthly payments of 1,000 beginning in April 2021
 through March 2024. 

In
 October 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 50,000 with original issuance discount of
 10,000. The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. In connection with the issuance of this promissory
 note, we issued 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 3,200 to reflect the
 value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional
 paid-in capital. At December 31, 2017, the principal balance of the note is 60,000. Debt discount and original issuance discount
 were fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. During April 2018, we issued a total of 1,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder
 due to the default on repayment (See Note 7). The shares were valued at fair value of 1,700. During April 2018, the Note was restated
 in the amount of 60,000 including the original issuance discount of 10,000 due October 2018. In connection with this restated note,
 we issued 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 8,678 to reflect the value
 of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional
 paid-in capital. The debt discount and original issuance discount for a total of 18,678 have been fully amortized as of December
 31, 2018. During November 2018, the Note was restated in the amount of 60,000 including the original issuance discount of 10,000
 due May 2019. In connection with this restated note, we issued 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt
 discount in the amount of 2,381 to reflect the value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a
 corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in capital. Pursuant to the restatement of the Note, the Company agreed
 that the original issuance discount of 10,000 from the April 2018 Note would be paid to the lender upon execution of restated Note
 in November 2018. The settlement agreement executed in December 2018 provides that 10,000,000 shares are issued due to the late payment.
 The shares were valued at 3,000. During July 2019, payment of original issuance discount of 10,000 was made. During September 2019,
 we issued additional 10,000,000 restricted shares due to the late payment of the original issuance discount of 10,000. The shares
 were valued at fair value of 4,000. The restated Note in November 2018 and prior notes are all under personal guarantee by Mr. Deitsch.
 Amortization of debt discount and original issuance discount for the year ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was 8,254 and 4,127,
 respectively, for the restated Note in November 2018. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the amount due is 60,000 and 61,746, net
 of discount of 0 and 8,254, respectively. During January and July 2020, this Note and the Note of 76,076 amended in August 2018(See
 Note 6(3)) were combined and restated and was due January 2021. The Note was further restated in February 2021 and is due in August
 2021(See Note 13). 

In
 November 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 120,000 with original issuance discount
 of 20,000. The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. In connection with the issuance of this promissory
 note, we issued 10,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 5,600 to reflect
 the value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and
 additional paid-in capital. The debt discounts were fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. 1,500,000 shares of common stocks were
 issued due to the default of repayments with a fair value of 2,250 in May 2018(See Note 7). During March 2020, 50,000 of the Note
 of 120,000 with original issuance discount of 20,000 originated in November 2017 was settled for 125,000,000 shares. An additional
 36,000,000 shares were issued to satisfy the default provision of the original note and 10,000,000 shares were issued along with
 the restatement. The total fair value of issued stock was 119,700. The remaining balance of 70,000 was restated with additional
 issuance discount of 14,000. The 84,000 due in September 2020 is in default and negotiation of further settlement. At December
 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance of the loan is 120,000. 

In
 November 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 18,000 with original issuance discount of
 3,000. The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. In connection with the issuance of this promissory
 note, we issued 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock (See Note 7). We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 2,900
 to reflect the value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common
 stock and additional paid-in capital. The debt discounts were fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. The note is in default and
 in negotiation of settlement. In September 2018, 7,000,000 shares of common stock were issued due to the default of repayments with
 a fair value of 5,600. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance of the note is 18,000 and the accrued interest is 2,000
 and 0, respectively. 

In
 December 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 60,000 with original issuance discount of
 10,000. The note was due in one year from the execution and funding of the note. During August 2018, the Note holder sold the debt
 of 60,000 to a non-related party. The subsequent note holder received a total of 145,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock
 with a fair value of 101,500 in satisfaction of the Note of 60,000 in full. We recorded a loss on settlement of debt in other expense
 for 41,500 (See Note 7). As a result of the settlement of the note, the debt discount has been fully amortized as of December 31,
 2018. At December 31, 2018, the note was repaid in full. 

F- 17 

(3) 
 At
 December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of 872,256 and 751,955 net of discount of 17,370 and 29,371, respectively,
 consisted of the following convertible loans: 

On
 March 19, 2014, we issued two Convertible Debentures in the amount of up to 500,000 each (total 1,000,000) to two non-related parties.
 The first tranche of 15,000 each (total 30,000) of the funds was received during the first quarter of 2014. The notes carry interest
 at 8 and were due on March 19, 2018. The note holders have the right to convert the notes into shares of Common Stock at a price
 of 0.20. During 2018, repayment of 3,000 was made. At December 31, 2018, the principal balance of the note is 27,000 and the accrued
 interest is 11,412. The two outstanding Notes were settled in connection with issuance of the convertible note in the amount of
 up to 1,000,000 in February 2019 (See Note 6(4)), as a result, we recorded a gain on settlement of debt in other income for 38,412. 

During
 July 2016, we issued a convertible note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 50,000 bearing monthly interest at a rate of
 2.0 and convertible at 0.05 per share. During January 2017, the Note was restated with principal amount of 56,567 bearing monthly
 interest rate of 2.5 . The New Note of 56,567 was due on July 26, 2017 and convertible at 0.05 per share. During February 2018,
 the Notes with accrued interest of 65,600 was restated. The restated principal balance of 65,600 bears monthly interest at a rate
 of 2.5 and was due August 14, 2018. In connection with this restated note, we issued 1,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock.
 We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 4,035 to reflect the value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount
 of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in capital. The debt discount was fully amortized as
 of December 31, 2018. During August 2018, the Notes with accrued interest of 10,476 were restated. The restated principal balance
 of 76,076 bears monthly interest at a rate of 2.5 and was due February 2019. In connection with this restated note, we issued 5,000,000
 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt discount in the amount of 3,800 to reflect the value of the common stock
 as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in capital. Amortization
 of debt discount of 2,850 has been recorded as of December 31, 2018. The remaining debt discount of 950 was fully amortized during
 the three months ended March 31, 2019. The note is under personal guarantee by Mr. Deitsch. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible
 note payable was recorded at 76,076 and 75,126, net of discount of 0 and 950, respectively. The accrued interest as of December
 31, 2019 and 2018 is 12,150 and 8,177. During January and July 2020, this Note and the Note of 60,000 amended in November 2018(See
 Note 6(2)) were combined and restated and was due January 2021. The Note was further restated in February 2021 and is due in August
 2021(See Note 13). 

In
 October 2017, we issued a promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount of 60,000 with original issuance discount of
 10,000 and a conversion option. The note was due in six months from the execution and funding of the note. In connection with the
 issuance of this promissory note, we issued 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock. We recorded a debt discount in the amount
 of 3,300 to reflect the value of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the debt and a corresponding increase
 to common stock and additional paid-in capital. The debt discounts were fully amortized as of December 31, 2018. The loan is in default
 and in negotiation of settlement. In April 2018, 1,000,000 shares of common stock were issued due to the default of repayments with
 a fair value of 1,500 (See Note 7). At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the principal balance of the note is 60,000. 

During
 January through December 2018, we issued convertible notes payable to the 20 unrelated third parties for a total of 618,250 with
 original issue discount of 62,950. The notes are due in six months from the execution and funding of each note. The notes are convertible
 into shares of Company s common stock at a conversion price ranging from 0.0003 to 0.001 per share. The difference between
 the conversion price and the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance of the convertible notes resulted
 in a beneficial conversion feature in the amount of 249,113. In addition, upon the issuance of convertible notes, the Company issued
 10,250,000 shares of common stock (See Note 7). The Company has recorded a debt discount in the amount of 6,542 to reflect the value
 of the common stock as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible debt and a corresponding increase to common stock and
 additional paid-in capital. The total discount of 255,655 and original issuance discount of 62,950 was amortized over the term
 of the debt. Amortization for the year ended December 31, 2018 was 290,184. At December 31, 2018, the principal balance of the notes,
 net of discount of 28,421 is 589,829. 

F- 18 

During
February 2019, we issued convertible notes payable of 70,000 with original issuance discount of 5,000. The notes were due in six months
from the execution and funding of each note. The notes are convertible into shares of Company s common stock at a conversion price
of 0.0005 per share. During December 2019, 22,000 of the Note was amended to extend the maturity date to June 2020. In connection with
the issuance and restatements of the notes, the Company granted the following warrants at an exercise price of 0.001 per share in 2019.
The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes method and recorded as a debt discount that was amortized over the life of the notes.
The Notes were further restated in August and October 2020 and are currently in default and in negotiation of settlement. 

Month
 of 
 Issuance 
 Number
 of 
 Warrants 
 Fair 
 Value
 of 
 Warrants 
 Month
 of 
 Expiration 
 
 February, 2019 
 110,000,000 
 8,147 
 August, 2019 
 
 December, 2019 
 44,000,000 
 7,370 
 August, 2020 

During
May 2019, we restated two convertible notes payable with additional original issue discount of 6,400 and issued 6,000,001 shares of
common stock with a fair value of 1,800 (See Note 7). The two restated notes were due in August 2019 and are in default. The total discount
of 8,200 was amortized over the term of the notes. 

During
November 2019, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 137,500 with original issuance discount of 12,500.
The note was due six months from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholder had the right to convert the note into shares
of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.000275. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
December 2019, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 22,000 with original issuance discount of 2,000.
The note was due six months from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholder had the right to convert the note into shares
of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0002. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
2019, repayments of 13,500 were made in cash to three of the Notes. Six of the Notes for a total of 87,100 were repaid in stocks as
the part of settlement of issuances of 800,000,000 shares of common stocks during December 2019(see Note 7). 

Amortization
for the year ended December 31, 2019 was 55,222. At December 31, 2019, the principal balance of the notes, net of discount of 17,370
is 736,180. 574,550 of the above mentioned convertible notes payable to 16 of the unrelated third parties are in default
and in negotiation of settlement. Two of the above mentioned convertible notes payable for a total of 19,500 was settled in full in
March and April 2021(See Note 13). 

(4) 
 At
 December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of 5,814,047 and 1,156,341 net of discount of 22,344 and 0, respectively,
 consisted of the following convertible loans: 

During
 December 2015, Mr. Deitsch, assigned 80,000 of his outstanding loan to an unrelated third party in the form of a Convertible Redeemable
 Note. The note carries interest at 4 and was due on December 7, 2016. The Note reverted back as the promissory note upon maturity
 date. On June 27, 2017, the Company owed principal balance of 80,000 plus accrued interest of 4,971. The total of 84,971 was assigned
 and sold to an unrelated third party in the form of a Convertible Redeemable Note (See Note 6(2)). The note carries interest at 8 
 and was due on June 27, 2018, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. The Noteholder has the right to
 convert the note into shares of Common Stock at fifty-five percent (55 of lowest closing bid prices of our restricted common stock
 for the twenty trading days preceding the conversion date including the date of receipt of conversion notice. During July and August
 2017, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 164,935,000 shares of our restricted common stock satisfying the principal balance
 of 55,325 with a fair value of 225,143. During February 2018, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 109,876,500 shares
 of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 462,625 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance of 29,646 in full.

On
 March 31, 2017, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 80,000 to Coventry Enterprises, LLC Coventry ).
 The note carries interest at 8 and was due on March 30, 2018, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock.
 Coventry has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fifty-five percent (55 of the of the lowest closing
 bid price of our restricted common stock for the twenty trading days preceding the conversion date including the date of receipt
 of conversion notice. During February 2018, the Noteholder made a conversion of 70,123,500 shares of our restricted common stock
 with a fair value of 294,885 in satisfaction of a portion of the Note in the amount of 30,854 (See Note 7). 

F- 19 

The
 noteholder sold and assigned the remaining balance of 49,146 with accrued interest of 3,276 to an unrelated third party in the
 form of a Convertible Redeemable Note. The note carries interest at 8 and was due on February 13, 2019, unless previously converted
 into shares of restricted common stock. The noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of our restricted common stock
 at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five prior trading days including the
 conversion date. During April and May 2018, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 65,885,713 shares of our restricted common
 stock with a fair value of 145,161 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance of 49,146 and accrued interest in full (See
 Note 7). 

On
 July 18, 2017, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 150,000 to Coventry. The note carries interest at 8 and was due
 on July 18, 2018, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. Coventry has the right to convert the note
 into shares of Common Stock at a fifty-five percent (55 of the of the lowest closing bid price of our restricted common stock for
 the twenty trading days preceding the conversion date including the date of receipt of conversion notice. During February 2018, the
 noteholder sold and assigned the balance of 150,000 with accrued interest of 6,000 to an unrelated third party in the form of a
 Convertible Redeemable Note. The note carries interest at 8 and was due on February 13, 2019, unless previously converted into shares
 of restricted common stock. The noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of our restricted common stock at sixty
 percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five prior trading days including the conversion
 date. During May and June 2018, the Noteholder made conversions of a total of 120,891,284 shares of our restricted common stock with
 a fair value of 200,475 in partial satisfaction of the note in the amount of 70,000 (See Note 7). During July through September
 2018, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 206,988,570 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 176,655
 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance 86,000 and accrued interest in full (See Note 7). 

On
 March 28, 2016, we signed an expansion agreement with Brewer and Associates Consulting, LLC B+A to the original consulting
 agreement dated on October 15, 2015 for consulting services for twelve months for a monthly fee of 7,000. To relieve our cash obligation
 of 36,000 per original agreement, we issued three convertible notes for a total of 120,000 which includes the fees due under the
 original agreement and the new monthly fees due under the expansion agreement. The 40,000 and 60,000 of the Notes were paid in
 full as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017, respectively. The remaining balance of 20,000 Notes is in default and negotiation
 of settlement. The conversion price is equal to 55 of the average of the three lowest volume weighted average prices for the three
 consecutive trading days immediately prior to but not including the conversion date. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible
 notes payable with principal balance of 20,000, at fair value, were recorded at 56,373 and 47,481, respectively. 

During
 June 2016, we issued a Convertible Debenture in the amount of 72,000 to an unrelated third party as a result of debt sale. The Note
 carries interest at 8 and was due on June 20, 2017, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. The convertible
 note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at fifty-five percent (55 of the average of the three
 lowest volume weighted average prices (the VWAP) of our restricted common stock for the fifteen trading days preceding the conversion
 date. During August 2018, the Note holder received a total of 300,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction of
 the principal balance of 72,000 with accrued interest in full (See Note 9). 

During
 June 2016, the notes payable of 50,000 originating in January 2016 with accrued interest of 4,800 was assigned and sold to an unrelated
 third party in the form of a Convertible Redeemable Note. The note carries interest at 8 and was due on June 16, 2017, unless previously
 converted into shares of restricted common stock. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at
 fifty-five percent (55 of the average of the three lowest VWAP prices of our restricted common stock for the fifteen trading days
 preceding the conversion date. During May 2018, the Note holder made a conversion of 228,000,000 shares of our restricted common
 stock with a fair value of 319,200 in satisfaction of the principal balance of 54,800 in full (See Note 7). 

In
 April 2017, we issued a Convertible Promissory Note for 33,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at 12 annually
 and was due on January 30, 2018. The Holder has the right to convert the loan, beginning on the date which is one hundred eighty
 (180) days following the date of the Note, into common stock at a price of sixty percent (60 of the average of the three lowest
 trading prices of our restricted common stock for the fifteen trading days preceding the conversion date. During October 2017, the
 Noteholder made the conversions of a total of 50,125,000 of our restricted common stock satisfying the principal balance of 16,040
 with a fair value of 35,596. During June 2018, the Note holder made a conversion of 150,000,000 shares of our restricted common
 stock with a fair value of 180,000 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance of 16,960 with accrued interest in full (See
 Note 7). 

F- 20 

During
 May and October 2017, we issued two Convertible Debenture for a total of 90,000 45,000 each) to Labrys. The notes carried interest
 at 12 and were due on July 19, 2017 and November 3, 2017, respectively, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common
 stock. Labrys has the right to convert the notes into shares of Common Stock at sixty percent (60 of the lowest trading price of
 our restricted common stock for the twenty-five trading days preceding the conversion date. During November 2017, the Note holder
 made a conversion of 62,059,253 shares of stock satisfying the principal balance of 11,057 and accrued interest for a fair value
 of 51,732. During February 2018, we issued 45,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 247,500 to Labrys
 in settlement of the remaining balance of 78,943 and accrued interest in full (See Note 7). Based on the conversion methodology,
 the debt was valued at 1,206,081 prior to conversion, and the Company recorded a gain on settlement of 958,581, which is recorded
 within gain (loss) on settlement of debt, net, within the statement of operations. 

During
 May 2017, we issued a Convertible Debenture in the amount of 64,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at 8 
 and was due on May 4, 2018, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 20 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at a sixty percent (60 of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty trading days preceding the
 conversion date. During November 2017, the Note holder made a conversion of our restricted common stocks satisfying the principal
 balance of 856 and penalty of 6,400 for a fair value of 21,399. During February 2018, the remaining balance of 63,144 with accrued
 interest and penalty of 12,442 was assigned and sold to three unrelated third parties. During June 2018, a Note holder made a conversion
 of 50,670,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 70,938 in satisfaction of the balance of 34,060 plus accrued
 interest of 8,607 (See Note 7). During December 2019, the principal balance of 16,752 with accrued interest of 3,232 assigned
 and sold to a third party was settled as the part of settlement of issuances of 800,000,000 shares of common stocks during December
 2019(See Note 7). At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the remaining principal of 12,629 and 29,381 plus accrued interest of 9,782 and
 7,138, at fair value, was recorded at 62,253 and 63,315. The remaining principal balance of the Note is in default. 

All
 of the convertible notes discussed below are with a single unrelated third party. 

During
 December 2016, we issued a Convertible Debenture to an unrelated third party in the amount of 110,000. The note carries interest
 at 12 and matured on September 8, 2017. Unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock, the Note holder has
 the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a sixty percent (60 of the lowest trading prices of our restricted
 common stock for the twenty-five trading days preceding the conversion date. During June and July 2017, the Note holder made conversions
 of a total of 179,800,000 shares of stock satisfying the principal balance of 63,001 and accrued interest for a fair value of 298,575.
 During February 2018, the remaining balance of 46,999 with accrued interest of 2,820 was assigned and sold to an unrelated third
 party in the form of a Convertible Redeemable Note. As part of the debt sale, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with
 the original noteholder for a settlement of a default penalty of the original debt. During February and July, 2018, we issued a total
 of 105,157,409 shares of our restricted common stock to the original Note holder with a fair value of 147,220. At December 31, 2018,
 the Company owed additional shares to the original noteholder and recorded an accrual of 32,400 to account for the cost of the shares,
 and the shares were issued in January 2019 (See Note 7). 

The
 new note of 49,819 carries interest at 8 and was due on February 13, 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted
 common stock. We have increased the outstanding principal due by 10 and accrued interest at default interest rate of 24 
 after the note s maturity date. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of our restricted common stock
 at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five prior trading days including the
 conversion date. The conversion discount was further decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the Note. During September
 2018, the Noteholder made a conversion of 52,244,433 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 37,011 in satisfaction
 of principal balance of 15,000 and accrued interest in full (See Note 7). At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable
 with principal balance of 38,301 and 34,819, at fair value, was recorded at 246,819 and 62,508. 

During
 February 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 200,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest
 at 8 and was due in February 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have increased the
 outstanding principal due by 10 and accrued interest at default interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The
 Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted
 common stock for the twenty-five trading days including the date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was
 further decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable,
 we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 1,646,242. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance
 of 220,000 and 200,000, at fair value, was recorded at 1,412,175 and 358,665. The note carries additional 200,000
 Back-end Note 100,000 each) with the same terms as the original note. 

During
 April 2018, 65,000 of one of the 100,000 Back-end Note was funded. The note carries interest at 8 and was due in February 2019,
 unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have increased the outstanding principal due by 10 and
 accrued interest at default interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert
 the note into shares of Common Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five
 trading days including the date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was further decreased to fifty percent
 due to the default on the Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative
 loss of 110,700. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance of 71,500 and 65,000,
 at fair value, was recorded at 458,957 and 115,165. 

F- 21 

During
 March 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 60,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at
 8 and was due in March 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have increased the outstanding
 principal due by 10 and accrued interest at default interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder
 has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common
 stock for the twenty-five trading days including the date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was further
 decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we
 recorded a day-one derivative loss of 48,418. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance
 of 66,000 and 60,000, at fair value, was recorded at 417,576 and 107,329. The note carries an additional Back-end
 Note with the same terms as the original note that enables the lender to lend to us another 60,000. 

During
 June 2018, the 60,000 Back-end Note was funded. The note carries interest at 8 and was due in March 2019, unless previously converted
 into shares of restricted common stock. We have increased the outstanding principal due by 10 and accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five trading days including the
 date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was further decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the
 Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 68,067. At December
 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance of 66,000 and 60,000, at fair value, was recorded
 at 417,577 and 105,334. 

During
 May 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 60,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at 8 
 and was due in May 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five trading days including the
 date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was further decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the
 Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 59,257. At December
 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance of 60,000, at fair value, was recorded at 369,372
 and 106,681. 

During
 August 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 31,500 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at
 8 and was due in August 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at sixty percent of the lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the twenty-five trading days including the
 date of receipt of conversion notice. The conversion discount was further decreased to fifty percent due to the default on the
 Note. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 23,794. At December
 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable with principal balance of 31,500, at fair value, was recorded at 183,565
 and 55,409. 

All
of the above convertible notes with principal balance of a total of 511,319, plus the additional principal increases due to the default
terms, were settled in October 2020 (See Note 13). 

During
 July 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 50,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at 8 
 and was due in July 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at fifty five percent of the average three lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the fifteen trading days
 including the date of receipt of conversion notice. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded
 a day-one derivative loss of 46,734. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable, at fair value, was recorded at
 180,176 and 96,157. 

During
 August 2018, we issued a convertible debenture in the amount of 20,000 to an unrelated third party. The note carries interest at
 8 and was due in August 2019, unless previously converted into shares of restricted common stock. We have accrued interest at default
 interest rate of 24 after the note s maturity date. The Note holder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common
 Stock at fifty five percent of the average three lowest trading price of our restricted common stock for the fifteen trading days
 including the date of receipt of conversion notice. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded
 a day-one derivative loss of 17,829. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the convertible note payable, at fair value, was recorded at
 70,635 and 38,297. 

During
 January 2019, the principal balance of 60,000 from a promissory note of 75,000 originated in September 2016 (See Note 6(2)) and
 accrued interest of 15,900 was restated in the form of a Convertible Note. The new note of 75,900 was due in one year from the
 restatement of the note. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at 50 discount to the average
 trading price of the three lowest closing stock prices for the twenty days prior to the notice of conversion. In connection with
 the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 75,900. 

F- 22 

At
 December 31, 2019, the convertible note payable, at fair value, was recorded at 253,000. 

During
 February 2019, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party in the amount up to 1,000,000 paid upon tranches.
 The note is due two years from the execution and funding of the note per tranche. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note
 into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of the lower of 0.0005 or 50 discount to the average trading price of the three
 lowest closing stock prices for the twenty days prior to the notice of conversion. The four tranches of the Note in the amount of
 372,374 has been funded as of December 31, 2019. In connection with issuance of the convertible note, the Noteholder agreed to eliminate
 two outstanding Notes of 27,000 and the accrued interest of 11,412 that were held by the Noteholder s defunct entities. In
 connection with the issuance of the convertible note payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 610,210. During May and June
 2019, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 750,000,000 shares of stock satisfying the principal balance of 100,000 for
 a fair value of 275,000 (See Note 7). At December 31, 2019, the convertible note payable with
 principal balance of 272,374 , at fair value, was recorded at 907,912. Proceeds in the amount
 of 122,362 have been funded subsequent to December 31, 2019. During January 2020 through February 2020, the Note holder received
 a total of 500,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction the 175,000 of the Note with a fair value of 425,000.
 During February through April 2021, the Note holder received a total of 232,150,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction
 the 116,075 of the Note with a fair value of 2,292,809. The remaining balance of 103,660 is due March 2023. 

During
 June 2019, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 240,000 with original issuance discount of 40,000.
 The note was due one year from the execution and funding of the notes. In connection with the issuance of this note, we issued 16,000,000
 shares of our restricted common stock. The common stock was valued at 4,688 and recorded as a debt discount that was amortized over
 the life of the note (See Note 7). The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price
 of the lower of 0.0005 or 50 discount to the average trading price of the three lowest closing stock prices for the twenty days
 prior to the notice of conversion. In connection with the issuance of the convertible note
 payable, we recorded a day-one derivative loss of 240,000. Amortization for the debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2019
 was 22,344. At December 31, 2019, the debt discount is 22,344. The convertible note payable, at fair value, was recorded at 800,000.
 The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

(5) 
 At
 December 31, 2019 and 2018, the balance of 175,000 and 0, respectively, consisted of the following advances received from a third
 party: During the periods from May 2019 through December 2019, the Company received a total of 175,000 in deposits from a third
 party in connection with a Joint Venture proposal. The deposits were considered as payments towards the purchase of equity in the
 joint venture. The joint venture is currently on hold pending the outcome of the lawsuit with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 (see Note 12). During February and May 2020, the Company received an additional total of 50,000 in deposits from this third party
 in connection with a Joint Venture proposal. 

7 .
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Authorized
Shares 

On
March 7, 2018, we obtained written consents from stockholders holding a majority of our outstanding voting stock to approve an amendment
of the Company s articles of incorporation, as amended, to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from 2,000,000,000
to 8,000,000,000. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Effective
October 30, 2017, pursuant to authority of its Board of Directors, the Company filed a Certificate of Determination to authorize the
issuance of 20,000,000 shares of stock designated preferred shares , issuable from time to time in one or more series
and authorize the Board of Directors to fix the number of shares constituting any such series, and to determine or alter the dividend
rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, right and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), the redemption
price or prices and the liquidation preference of any wholly unissued series of such preferred shares, and the number of shares constituting
any such series. 

Effective
October 30, 2017 the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 3,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred ).
Terms of the Series A Preferred include the following: 

1. 
 The
 Series A Preferred votes with the Company s common stock as a single class on all matters or consents for the Company s
 common stockholders. Each share of Series A Preferred is entitled to one thousand votes per share. 

2. 
 The
 Series A Preferred will not be entitled to dividends unless the Company pays cash dividends or dividends in other property to holders
 of outstanding shares of common stock, in which event, each outstanding share of the Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 dividends of cash or property in an amount or value equal to one thousand multiplied by the amount paid in respect of one share of
 common stock. Any dividend payable to the Series A Preferred will have the same record and payment date and terms as the dividend
 payable on the common stock. 

F- 23 

3. 
 Upon
 any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of all shares of Series A Preferred
 then outstanding shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders an
 amount in cash equal to 0.133 in cash per share before any distribution is made on any shares of the Company s common stock.
 If upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the application of all amounts available
 for payments with respect to Series A Preferred would not result in payment in full of Series A Preferred, the holders shall share
 equally and ratably in any distribution of assets of the Company in proportion to the full liquidation preference to which each is
 entitled. 

4. 
 The
 Series A Preferred does not have any redemption rights. 

Common
Stock Issued with Indebtedness 

In
January and February 2018, in connection with four notes payable, we issued a total of 4,250,000 shares of our restricted common stock
with a fair value of 9,887 (See Note 6). 

In
April 2018, in connection with a note payable, we issued a total of 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value
of 8,678 (See Note 6). 

In
August 2018, in connection with a note payable, we issued a total of 5,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value
of 3,800 (See Note 6). 

In
October through December, 2018, in connection with a note payable, we issued a total of 25,500,000 shares of our restricted common stock
with a fair value of 9,781 (See Note 6). 

In
May 2019, in connection with amendment of two convertible notes payable, we issued a total of 6,000,001 shares of our common stock with
a fair value of 1,800 (See Note 6). 

In
June 2019, in connection with issuance of a convertible notes payable, we issued a total of 16,000,000 shares of our common stock with
a fair value of 4,688 (See Note 6). 

In
September 2019, in connection with amendment of a promissory notes payable, we issued 20,000,000 shares of our common stock with a fair
value of 5,895 (See Note 6). 

F- 24 

Common
Stock Issued for Conversion of Convertible Debt 

During
February 2018, a Note holder made conversions of a total of 70,123,500 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 294,885
in satisfaction of the principal balance of 30,854 of an 80,000 Note originated in March 2017 (See Note 6). 

During
February 2018, a Note holder received 109,876,500 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 462,625 upon conversion
of 29,646 of an 84,971 Note originated in June 2017 (See Note 6). 

During
February 2018, a Note holder received 45,000,000 of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 247,500 upon conversion of the
remaining balance of 78,943 of 90,000 Notes originated in May and October 2017 (See Note 6). 

During
April and May 2018, a Note holder made conversions of a total of 65,885,713 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of
 145,161 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance of 49,146 assigned and purchased from a Note originated in March 2017 (See
Note 6). 

During
May and June 2018, a Note holder made conversions of a total of 120,891,284 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of
 200,475 in satisfaction of the balance of 70,000 of a 156,000 Note assigned and purchased from a Note originated in July 2017 (See
Note 6). 

During
May 2018, a Note holder received a total of 228,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 319,200 in satisfaction
of the remaining principal balance of 54,800 assigned and purchased from a Note originated in June 2016 (See Note 6). 

During
June 2018, a Note holder made a conversion of 150,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 180,000 in satisfaction
of the remaining principal balance of 16,960 of 33,000 Notes originated in May 2017 (See Note 6). 

During
June 2018, a Note holder made a conversion of 50,670,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 70,938 in satisfaction
of the principal balance of 34,060 and accrued interest of 6,476 assigned and purchased from a Note originated in May 2017 (See Note
6). 

During
July through September 2018, a Note holder made conversions of a total of 206,988,570 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair
value of 176,655 in satisfaction of the remaining principal balance 86,000 and accrued interest in full from a Note originated in February
2018(See Note 6). 

During
September 2018, a Note holder made a conversion of 52,244,433 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 37,011 in satisfaction
of principal balance of 15,000 and accrued interest in full from a Note originated in February 2018 (See Note 6). 

During
August 2018, a Note holder received a total of 300,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 300,000 in satisfaction
of the principal balance of 72,000 with accrued interest in full for a Note originated in July 2016 (See Note 6). 

During
May and June 2019, the Note holder made conversions of a total of 750,000,000 shares of stock for a fair value of 275,000 satisfying
the principal balance of 100,000 of a Note originated in February 2019 in the amount of up to 1,000,000.(See Note 6). 

Number of 
 Fair Value
 of 
 
 Date 
 shares
 converted 
 Debt
 Converted 
 
 5/6/2019 
 250,000,000 
 75,000 
 
 5/31/2019 
 250,000,000 
 100,000 
 
 6/6/2019 
 250,000,000 
 100,000 

Common
Stock Issued for Settlement of Accounts Payable, Accrued expense and Debt 

During
May 2018, a Note holder received a total of 187,500,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 243,750 in satisfaction
of the remaining balance of 42,500 from a Note originated in September 2017 in full. We recorded a loss on settlement of debt in other
expense for 201,250 (See Note 6). 

During
August 2018, a Note holder received a total of 145,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 101,500 in satisfaction
of the Note of 60,000 originated in December 2017 in full. We recorded a loss on settlement of debt in other expense for 41,500 (See
Note 6). 

During
August 2018, the Company issued a total of 2,800,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock to settle the outstanding
fees of 4,200 with a fair value of 2,800. We recorded a gain on settlement of accounts payable in other expense for 1,400. 

F- 25 

During
January 2019, in connection with the settlement of a default penalty of debt of 110,000 originated in December 2016, we issued a total
of 81,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock with a fair value of 32,400 to the Note holder (See Note 6). We had an accrual of
 32,400 to account for the cost of the shares at December 31, 2018. 

During
December 2019, six convertible promissory Notes for a total of 87,100 (See Note 6(3)), one Note of 19,984 assigned from the convertible
Note of 29,381 (See Note 6(4)), and the accrued consulting fees of 39,000, were settled with 800,000,000 shares of common stocks. The
shares were valued at fair value of 454,000. We recorded a loss on settlement in other expense for 244,632. 

Common
Stock Issued for Debt Modification and Penalty 

During
February and July, 2018, in connection with the settlement of a default penalty of debt, we issued a total of 105,157,409 shares of our
restricted common stock with a fair value of 147,220 to the Note holder (See Note 6). 

During
April 2018, we issued a total of 1,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayment of the promissory note
of 50,000 originated in October 2017.The shares were valued at fair value of 1,700. 

During
April through December, 2018, we issued a total of 33,625,000 restricted shares to 14 Note holders due to the default on repayment of
the promissory notes. The shares were valued at fair value of 25,615. 

During
May and June 2019, we issued a total of 3,500,000 restricted shares to three Note holders due to the default on repayment of the convertible
notes. The shares were valued at fair value of 1,050. 

During
July through September 2019, we issued a total of 18,500,000 restricted shares to five Note holders due to the default on repayment of
the convertible notes. The shares were valued at fair value of 6,650. 

Common
Stock Issued for Services 

During
June 2018, the Company signed an agreement with a consultant for investor relation services for twelve months. In connection with the
agreement, 100,000,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stocks were issued. The shares were valued at 0.0012 per share.
The Company recorded an equity compensation charge of 50,000 and 70,000 during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. 

During
April 2019, we signed an agreement with a consultant to provide investor relation services for twelve months. In connection with the
agreement, 120,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock were issued. The shares were valued at 24,000. 

During
June 2019, we signed an agreement with a consultant to provide investor relation services for twelve months. In connection with the agreement,
15,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock were issued. The shares were valued at 6,000. 

The
Company recorded an equity compensation charge of 21,500 during the year ended December 31, 2019. The remaining unrecognized compensation
cost of 8,500 will be recognized by the Company over the remaining service period. 

Warrants
Issued with Debt 

The
Company granted the following warrants at an exercise price of 0.001 per share in connection with issuances of convertible notes payable
of 70,000 in February 2019 and amendment of convertible notes payable of 22,000 in December 2019. The warrants were valued using the
Black-Scholes method and recorded as a debt discount and additional paid in capital. No warrants have been exercised. 

Number of 
 Fair Value
 of 
 Month of 
 
 Month of
 Issuance 
 Warrants 
 Warrants 
 Expiration 
 
 February, 2019 
 110,000,000 
 8,147 
 August,
 2019 
 
 December, 2019 
 44,000,000 
 7,370 
 August,
 2020 

Beneficial
Conversion Features 

During
2018, the Company has recorded a beneficial conversion feature in the amount of 249,113 as additional paid-in capital due to the difference
between the conversion price and the fair value of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance of the convertible notes
(See Note 6). 

F- 26 

8.
STOCK WARRANTS 

Common
Stock Warrants 

During
March, 2013, the Company issued a total of 65,000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share in connection
with issuance of a convertible note payable to Coventry. The warrants expired on March 22, 2018. 

On
September 3, 2013 and September 12, 2013, the Company issued 500,000 and 375,000 warrants, respectively, to purchase common stock at
an exercise price of 0.025 and 0.01 per share in connection with issuances of convertible notes payable to Coventry. The warrants expired
on September 3, 2018 and September, 12, 2018, respectively. 

On
March 31, 2017, in connection with the issuance of an 80,000 Note, we granted three-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,000,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.005 per share. The warrants were valued at their fair value of 539 and 977 using
the Black-Scholes method on December 31, 2019 and 2018. The warrants expired on March 30, 2020. 

On
March 3, 2016, in connection with the issuance of a convertible note, we granted five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,500,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.03 per share. The warrants were valued at their fair value of 872 and 491 using
the Black-Scholes method at December 31, 2019 and 2018. The warrants expired on March 3, 2021. 

On
April 4, 2016, in connection with the issuance of convertible notes, we granted three-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 4,000,000
shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 0.05 per share. The warrants were valued at their fair value of 0 using the Black-Scholes
method at December 31, 2018. The warrants expired on April 4, 2019. 

During
April 2014, the Company issued a total of 100,000 warrants to purchase common stock at an exercise price of 0.025 per share in
connection with issuance of a convertible note payable to Coventry. The warrants were valued at their fair value of 0 using the Black-Scholes
method at December 31, 2018. The warrants expired on April 9, 2019. 

The
Company granted the following warrants at an exercise price of 0.001 per share in connection with issuances of three convertible notes
payable of 70,000 in February 2019 and amendment of one convertible notes payable of 22,000 in December 2019. The warrants were valued
using the Black-Scholes method and recorded as a debt discount and additional paid in capital. No warrants have been exercised. 

Month of
 Issuance 
 Number
 of Warrants 
 Fair
 Value of Warrants 
 Month
 of Expiration 

February, 2019 
 110,000,000 
 8,147 
 August,
 2019 
 
 December, 2019 
 44,000,000 
 7,370 
 August,
 2020 

F- 27 

A
summary of warrants outstanding in conjunction with private placements of common stock were as follows during the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018: 

Number
 Of shares 
 Weighted
 average exercise price 

Balance December 31, 2017 
 13,540,000 
 0.023 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 (940,000 
 0.015 
 
 Balance December 31, 2018 
 12,600,000 
 0.026 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issued 
 154,000,000 
 0.001 
 
 Expired 
 (114,100,000 
 0.0027 
 
 Balance December 31, 2019 
 52,500,000 
 0.0028 

The
following table summarizes information about fixed-price warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 : 

Exercise
 Price 
 Weighted Average Number Outstanding 
 Weighted
 Average Contractual Life 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise Price 
 
 2019 
 0.001-0.03 
 10,187,671 
 0.62
 years 
 0.0028 
 
 2018 
 0.005-0.05 
 12,600,000 
 1.11
 years 
 0.026 

At
December 31, 2019, the aggregate intrinsic value of all warrants outstanding and expected to vest was 0. The intrinsic value of warrant
share is the difference between the fair value of our restricted common stock and the exercise price of such warrant share to the extent
it is in-the-money . Aggregate intrinsic value represents the value that would have been received by the holders of in-the-money
warrants had they exercised their warrants on the last trading day of the year and sold the underlying shares at the closing stock price
on such day. The intrinsic value calculation is based on the 0.0005, closing stock price of our restricted common stock on December
31, 2019. There were no in-the-money warrants at December 31, 2019. 

9.
INCOME TAXES 

The
Company s tax expense differs from the expected tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, (computed
by the following blended rate), are approximately as follows. 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Tax Rate Reconciliation: 

Federal tax rate 
 21.00 
 21.00 
 
 Add: State taxes 
 5.50 
 5.50 
 
 Permanent difference 
 -1.15 
 -1.15 
 
 Valuation allowance
 and change in federal tax rate 
 -25.35 
 -25.35 
 
 Tax rate 
 - 
 - 

December
 31, 

2019 

2018 

Computed expected 
 tax expense (benefit) - Federal 

(1,384,203) 

(793,340) 
 
 Computed expected tax expense (benefit)
 - State 

(286,398) 

(164,145) 
 
 Permanent differences 

1,313,998 

571,235 

Change in federal tax rate 

- 

4,134,665 

Change in valuation allowance 

356,603 

(3,748,415) 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 

- 

- 

F- 28 

2019 

2018 

Net deferred income tax assets: 

Reserve for prepaid inventory 

18,174 

12,104 

Accrued salary 

316,659 

296,834 

Reserve for receivables from officer 

14,954 

- 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

9,398,889 

9,083,135 

Valuation allowance 

(9,748,676) 

(9,392,073) 
 
 Net deferred income tax
 asset 

- 

- 

Due
to the uncertainty of the utilization and recoverability of the loss carry-forwards and other deferred tax assets, we have provided a
valuation allowance to fully reserve such assets. The valuation allowances increased by 356,603 for the year ended December 31,
2019 and decreased by 3,748,415 for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

As
of December 31, 2019, the Company has net operating loss of approximately 37.1 million as of December 31, 2019, of which 1.7
million were incurred after December 31, 2017 that are available to offset future taxable income with no expiration date. The
remaining approximately 35.4 million of net operating loss of expired between 2030 and 2037. 

In
December 2017, the United States Government passed new tax legislation that, among other provisions, lowered the corporate tax rate from
34 to 21 . In addition to applying the new lower corporate tax rate in 2018 and thereafter to any taxable income the Company may have,
the legislation affects the way the Company can use and carryforward net operating losses previously accumulated and results in a revaluation
of deferred tax assets and liabilities recorded on the balance sheet. Given that current deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation
allowance, these changes will have no net impact on the balance sheet. However, when the Company becomes profitable, the Company will
receive a reduced benefit from such deferred tax assets. 

The
Company s 2017 through 2019 tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Services and various state authorities. 

10.
ACCRUED EXPENSES 

Accrued
expenses consisted of the following: 

December
 31, 

2019 
 2018 
 
 Accrued consulting fees 
 161,550 
 161,550 
 
 Accrued settlement expenses 
 35,000 
 347,400 
 
 Accrued payroll taxes 
 167,906 
 120,182 
 
 Accrued interest 
 231,186 
 180,509 
 
 Accrued 
 others 
 16,905 
 22,208 
 
 Total 
 612,547 
 831,849 

11.
PREPAID EXPENSES 

Prepaid
expenses and other current assets consist of the following: 

December
 31, 2019 
 December
 31, 2018 
 
 Supplier advances for future purchases 
 224,859 
 200,911 
 
 Reserve for supplier
 advances 
 (224,859 
 (200,911 
 
 Net supplier advances 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid professional fees 
 8,650 
 13,000 
 
 Deferred stock compensation 
 8,500 
 50,000 
 
 Total 
 17,150 
 63,000 

We
performed an evaluation of our inventory and related accounts at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and increased the reserve on supplier advances
for future venom purchases by 23,948 and 47,757, respectively. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the total valuation allowance for prepaid
venom is 224,859 and 200,911, respectively. 

F- 29 

12.
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Operating
Leases 

In
February 2016, we entered into our current three-year operating lease for monthly payments of approximately 3,200 which expired in February
2019. The lease is currently month-to-month, thus classified as short-term and not reported on the balance sheet under ASC 842. 

ReceptoPharm
leases a lab and renewed its operating lease agreement for five years beginning August 1, 2017 for monthly payments of approximately
 6,900 with a 5 increase each year. 

December 31, 

2019 
 
 Lease cost 

Operating lease cost 
 89,021 
 
 Short-term lease cost 
 45,026 
 
 Total lease cost 
 134,047 

Balance sheet information 

Operating ROU Assets 
 207,530 

Operating lease obligations, current portion 
 73,278 
 
 Operating lease obligations,
 non-current portion 
 143,322 
 
 Total operating
 lease obligations 
 216,600 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)
 operating leases 
 2.67 
 
 Weighted average discount rate-operating leases 
 8 

Supplemental cash flow information related
 to leases were as follows, for the year ended December 31, 2019: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
 of operating lease liabilities 
 79,950 

Future
minimum payments under these lease agreements are as follows: 

December
 31, 
 Total 
 
 2020 
 87,991 
 
 2021 
 91,379 
 
 2022 
 62,274 
 
 Total
 future lease payments 
 241,644 
 
 Less
 imputed interest 
 25,044 
 
 Total 
 216,600 

Consulting
Agreements 

During
July 2015, we signed an agreement with a company to provide for consulting services for five years. In connection with the agreement,
500,000 shares of our restricted common stock and a one year 8 note of 50,000 were granted. The shares were valued at 0.18 per share.
As the services provided were in dispute, the shares and note payable have not been issued as of December 31, 2019. We have accrued the
 142,500 in accrued expense and equity compensation. 

F- 30 

During
October 2015, the Company signed an agreement with a consultant for consulting services for a year. In connection with the agreement,
2,500,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock were granted and the Company was to make monthly cash payments of 3,000.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company recorded an equity compensation charge of 31,750, however, only 1,000,000 of the shares have been
issued. As of December 31, 2019, 19,150 has been recorded in accrued expense to account for the 1,500,000 shares of common stock that
have not been issued. 

Litigation 

Patricia
Meding, et. al. v. ReceptoPharm, Inc. f/k/a Receptogen, Inc. 

On
June 1, 2015, ReceptoPharm entered into a settlement agreement with Patricia Meding, a former officer and shareholder of ReceptoPharm.
The settlement relates to a lawsuit filed by Ms. Meding against ReceptoPharm (Patricia Meding, et. al. v. ReceptoPharm, Inc. f/k/a Receptogen,
Inc., Index No.: 18247/06, New York Supreme Court, Queens County) in which she claimed to own certain shares of ReceptoPharm stock and
claimed to be owed amounts on a series of promissory notes allegedly executed in 2001 and 2002. 

The
settlement agreement executed on June 1, 2015 provides that ReceptoPharm will pay Ms. Meding a total of 360,000 over 35 months. The
first payment of 20,000 was made on July 1, 2015. A second payment of 20,000 was made on August 17, 2015 with 32 subsequent monthly
 10,000 payments due on the 15th of every month thereafter. To date, ReceptoPharm has made all monthly payments due under the agreement.
In the event of default on any of the payments due under the settlement agreement, the settlement amount would increase by an additional
 200,000. As of December 31, 2019, all payments were made and the settlement was concluded. We have recorded 200,000 in gain
on settlement of debt on the consolidated statements of operations upon payments in full in April 2018. 

Paul
Reid et al. v. Nutra Pharma Corp. et al. 

On
August 26, 2016, certain of former ReceptoPharm employees and a former ReceptoPharm consultant filed a lawsuit in the 17th Judicial Circuit
in and for Broward County, Florida (Case No. CACE16 015834) against Nutra Pharma and Receptopharm to recover 315,000 allegedly
owing to them under a settlement agreement reached in an involuntary bankruptcy action that was brought by the same individuals in 2012
and for payment of unpaid wages/breach of written debt confirms. 

On
June 24, 2021, the parties entered into a confidential settlement agreement of the lawsuit. Nutra Pharma has fully performed under
the settlement and considers the case fully resolved. 

Get
Credit Healthy, Inc. v. Nutra Pharma Corp. and Rik Deitsch, Case No. CACE 18-017055 

On
August 1, 2018, Get Credit Healthy, Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and Rik Deitsch (collectively the Defendants in the 17th Judicial Circuit Court in and for Broward County, Florida (Case No. CACE 18-017055) to recover 100,000 allegedly owed under
an amended promissory note dated April 12, 2017. Counsel for Get Credit Healthy, Inc. requested an early mediation conference in an attempt
to resolve our dispute. We agreed to this request, and mediation took place on February 15, 2019. At December 31, 2018, we owed principal
balance of 101,818 and accrued interest of 21,023. The lawsuit was settled on February 15, 2019 for 104,000 with scheduled payments.
The repayments were made in full as of November 2020 (See Note 6). 

CSA
8411, LLC v. Nutra Pharma Corp., Case No. CACE 18-023150 

On
October 12, 2018, CSA 8411, LLC filed a lawsuit against the Company in the 17th Judicial Circuit Court in and for Broward County, Florida
(Case No. CACE 18-023150) to recover 100,000 allegedly owed under an amended promissory note dated April 12, 2017. On November 1, 2018,
the Company filed its Answer and Affirmative Defenses to the Complaint. The Company believes that this lawsuit is without merit. Moreover,
the Company believes that it has a number of valid defenses to this claim. Among other things, the owner of CSA 8411, LLC violated the
terms of a Binding Memorandum of Understanding by failing to invest in the Company and fraudulently inducing the Company to enter into
the subject amended promissory note (contrary to the Get Credit Healthy lawsuit discussed above, we are certain that this individual
is the majority owner of CSA 8411, LLC). Opposing counsel reached out to schedule mediation, and mediation was set for June 21, 2019
in Plantation, FL however the mediation was unsuccessful. At December 31, 2019, we owed principal balance of 91,156 and accrued interest
of 29,948 (See Note 6) if the defenses and our new claims are deemed to be of no merit. 

F- 31 

Defendant
also filed affirmative claims against the Plaintiff, its owner Dan Oran and several related entities. The case has not been set
for trial as of this date. 

Securities
and Exchange Commission v. Nutra Pharma Corporation, Erik Deitsch, and Sean Peter McManus 

On
September 28, 2018, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC filed a lawsuit in the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of New York (Case No. 2:18-cv-05459) against the Company, Mr. Deitsch, and Mr. McManus. The lawsuit
alleges that, from July 2013 through June 2018, the Company and the other defendants defrauded investors by making materially
false and misleading statements about the Company and violated anti-fraud and other securities laws. 

The
violations alleged against the Company by the SEC include: (a) raising over 920,000 in at least two private placement offerings for
which the Company failed to file required registration statements with the SEC; (b) issuing a series of materially false or misleading
press releases; (c) making false statements in at least one Form 10-Q; and (d) failing to make required public filings with the SEC to
disclose the Company s issuance of millions of shares of stock. The lawsuit makes additional allegations against Mr. McManus and
Mr. Deitsch, including that Mr. McManus acted as a broker without SEC registration and defrauded at least one investor by making false
statements about the Company, that Mr. Deitsch engaged in manipulative trades of the Company s stock by offering to pay more for
shares he was purchasing than the amount the seller was willing to take, and that Mr. Deitsch failed to make required public filings
with the SEC. The lawsuit seeks both injunctive and monetary relief. 

On
May 29, 2019 (following each of the defendants filing motions to dismiss), the SEC filed a First Amended Complaint which generally alleged
the same conduct as its original Complaint, but accounted for certain guidance provided by the United States Supreme Court in a case
that had been recently decided. Each of the defendants then moved to dismiss the SEC s First Amended Complaint. On March 31, 2020,
the Court entered an Order granting in part and denying in part the various motions to dismiss. Following that Order, the SEC filed a
Second Amended Complaint (the operative pleading) and the defendants have filed their answers which generally deny liability. At this
time, discovery is closed and the SEC has indicated an intent to file a summary judgment motion regarding certain non-fraud claims asserted
in its Second Amended Complaint. The defendants have opposed the SEC s request to file such motion(s). The Court conducted a hearing
on February 23, 2021 and set an initial briefing schedule for the SEC s Motion for Partial Summary Judgment wherein the Plaintiffs 
Motion for Partial Summary Judgment was due on April 5, 2021, the Defendants Consolidated (i.e., collectively, Nutra Pharma Corporation,
Erik Rik Deitsch, and Sean McManus) Response Brief to the SEC s Motion was due May 3, 2021, and the Plaintiffs 
Reply Brief was due on May 19, 2021. On March 23, 2021, the Plaintiff filed a Motion for Extension of Time to file the Motion for Partial
Summary Judgment. On March 24, 2021, the Court entered an order granting the Motion for Extension of Time and modified the briefing schedule
as follows: Plaintiffs Motion was due on or before April 9, 2021, the Defendants Response was due on or before May 7, 2021,
and the Plaintiffs Reply was due on or before May 21, 2021. The Company disputes the allegations in this lawsuit and continues
to vigorously defend against the SEC s claims. Mr. Deitsch and Mr. McManus have similarly defended the lawsuit since its filing
and each contest liability. The Company does not believe that it engaged in any fraudulent activity or made any material misrepresentations
concerning the Company and/or its products. 

13.
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

During
August 2020, the convertible promissory notes of 38,500 was amended with additional original issuance discount of 7,550 due February
2021. During October 2020, the convertible promissory note of 16,500 was amended with additional original issuance discount (OID) of
 1,650 due April 2021.The Noteholders have the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.0005.
In connection with the issuance of amended convertible notes, the Company granted the following warrants at an exercise price of 0.001
per share. The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes method and recorded as a debt discount. No warrants have been exercised.
The gross proceeds of the notes were allocated to debt and warrants issued on a relative fair value basis. The debt discounts associated
with the warrants and OID for 29,481 and 9,200, respectively, are amortized over the life of the notes. 

Number of 
 Fair Value
 of 
 Month of 
 
 Month of
 Issuance 
 Warrants 
 Warrants 
 Expiration 
 
 August, 2020 
 92,100,000 
 20,848 
 August, 2021 
 
 October, 2020 
 39,930,000 
 8,633 
 October, 2022 

Pursuant
to the Note agreement in the amount up to 1,000,000 signed in February 2019, the proceeds in the amount of 372,374 have been funded
as of December 31, 2019. Proceeds in the amount of 122,362 have been funded subsequent to December 31, 2019. During January 2020 through
February 2020, the Note holder received a total of 500,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction the 175,000 of
the Note with a fair value of 425,000. During February through June 2021, the Note holder received a total of 237,850,000 shares of
our restricted common stock in satisfaction the 118,925 of the Note with a fair value of 2,328,149. The remaining balance of
 100,810 is due March 2023. 

Number of 
 Fair Value
 of 
 
 Date 
 shares
 converted 
 Debt
 Converted 
 
 1/21/2020 
 250,000,000 
 150,000 
 
 2/18/2020 
 250,000,000 
 275,000 
 
 2/25/2021 
 137,700,000 
 1,500,930 
 
 3/3/2021 
 67,380,000 
 599,682 
 
 4/26/2021 
 27,070,000 
 192,197 
 
 6/1/2021 
 5,700,000 
 35,340 

F- 32 

During
January and March 2020, we issued convertible promissory notes to an unrelated third party for a total of 68,750 with original issuance
discount of 6,250. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0005.
The Notes were due in January and March 2021. The Notes are in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
February and March 2020, we issued convertible promissory notes to an unrelated third party for a total of 22,000 with original issuance
discount of 2,000. The notes were due six months from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholder has the right to convert
the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0003. The Notes are in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
March 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 5,500 with original issuance discount of 500. The
note was due six months from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of
Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0002. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
March 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 5,500 with original issuance discount of 500. The
note was due six months from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of
Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0005. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
August 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for a 22,000 with original issuance discount of 2,000.
The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0005. The note is due
August 2021. 

During
July 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 20,900 with original issuance discount of 1,900.
The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.00052. The note was due
January 2021. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
August 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 5,500 with original issuance discount of 500.
The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.0005. The note was due
February 2021. The Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
October and November 2020, we issued convertible promissory notes to 3 unrelated third parties for 208,800 with original issuance
discount of 19,800. The Noteholders have the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price ranging from
 0.00022 to 0.0005 per share. The notes were due in April and May 2021. The Notes are in default and negotiation of settlement. 

During
November 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note to an unrelated third party for 139,150 with original issuance discount of 12,650.
The Noteholder has the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a fixed conversion price of 0.00055. The note is due
November 2021. 

During
November and December 2020, we issued two convertible promissory notes to unrelated third parties for a total of 57,500 with original
issuance discount of 7,500. The notes are due one year from the execution and funding of the notes. The Noteholders have the right to
convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price of 0.0008. In connection with the issuance of convertible notes,
the Company granted the 71,875,000 warrants at an exercise price of 0.002 per share that expire one year from the date of issuance.
The warrants are valued using the Black-Scholes method and recorded as a debt discount. No warrants have been exercised. The gross proceeds
of the notes were allocated to debt and warrants issued on a relative fair value basis. The debt discounts associated with the warrants
and OID for 30,417 and 7,500, respectively, are amortized over the life of the notes. 

During
November 2020, the Note holder assigned 20,000 of the 75,900 convertible note restated in January 2019 to a third party. The third
party subsequently received a total of 100,000,000 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction the 20,000 of the Note with
a fair value of 140,000. At December 31, 2020, the balance of 55,900 remains outstanding. The note was due January 2021. The
Note is in default and negotiation of settlement. 

F- 33 

During
the first quarter of 2021, we issued convertible promissory notes to the unrelated third parties for a total of 717,667 with original
issuance discount of 93,609. The Noteholders have the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price ranging
from 0.0003 to 0.002 per share. The notes are due one year from the execution and funding of the notes. 

During
the second quarter of 2021, we issued convertible promissory notes to the unrelated third parties for a total of 265,650 with original
issuance discount of 34,650. The Noteholders have the right to convert the note into shares of Common Stock at a conversion price ranging
from 0.0008 to 0.002 per share. The notes are due one year from the execution and funding of the notes. 

PPP
Loan 

During
May 2020, we entered into a two-year loan agreement with the U. S. Small Business Administration for a Payroll Protection Program (PPP)
loan, for 64,895 with an annual interest rate of one percent (1 ), with a term of twenty-four (24) months, whereby a portion of the
loan proceeds have been used for certain labor costs, office rent costs and utilities, which may be subject to a loan forgiveness, pursuant
to the terms of the SBA/PPP program. 

Economic
Injury Disaster Loan 

During
April and June 2020, the Company executed the standard loan documents required for securing a loan from the SBA under its Economic Injury
Disaster Loan assistance program (the EIDL Loan considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s
business. Pursuant to the Loan Authorization and Agreement (the SBA Loan Agreement ), the principal amount of the EIDL Loan
was 154,900, with proceeds to be used for working capital purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of 3.75 per annum. Installment payments,
including principal and interest, are due twelve months from the date of the SBA Loan Agreement in the amount of 731. The balance of
principal and interest is payable over a 360 month period from the date of the SBA Loan Agreement. In connection therewith, the Company
received a 5,000 advance, which does not have to be repaid. The SBA requires that the Company collateralize the loan to the maximum
extent up to the loan amount. If business fixed assets do not fully secure the loan the lender may include trading assets
(using 10 of current book value for the calculation), and must take available equity in the personal real estate (residential and investment)
of the principals as collateral. 

Restatement
of Promissory Notes 

During
January 2020, the Note of 60,000 with original issuance discount of 10,000 amended in November 2018 and the Note of 88,225 plus accrued
interest at a rate of 2.5 monthly to an unrelated third party were combined and restated. The restated principal balance was 148,225
that carries interest at a rate of 2.0 monthly due July 2020. During July 2020, the restated Note of 148,225 plus accrued interest
of 18,701 was further restated. The new principal balance was 166,926 that carries interest at a rate of 2.0 monthly and was due January
2021. During February 2021, we issued 29,072,500 shares of common stock to satisfy the accrued interest of 23,258 with fair value of
 343,056. The settlement of accrued interest resulted in a loss on settlement of debt in other income for 319,798. The principal balance
of 166,926 was further restated. The restated balance is 183,619 with an original issuance discount of 16,693 and is due August 2021. 

Settlement
of Convertible Promissory Notes 

During
February through August 2018, we issued seven convertible promissory notes to an unrelated third party due one year from the execution
dates. The principal balance of these Notes on December 31, 2019 was 511,319. During September 2020, the Note holder received a total
of 107,133,333 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction of the principal balance of 22,000 and accrued interest of 10,140.
During October 2020, the Note holder received a total of 107,817,770 shares of our restricted common stock in satisfaction of the principal
balance of 22,000 and accrued interest of 10,345. During October 2020, the Note holder sold the remaining debt of 467,319 and accrued
interest of 166,168 for 250,000 to a non-related party. 

Number of 
 Fair Value
 of 
 
 Date 
 shares
 converted 
 Debt
 Converted 
 
 9/21/2020 
 107,133,333 
 171,413 
 
 10/5/2020 
 107,817,770 
 64,691 

During
March 2021, in connection with this settlement of the 6,000 of the Note of 11,000 originated in November 2018, we issued 11,000,000
shares of common stocks in satisfaction of 6,000 of the Note with a fair value of 104,500 and made a repayment of 5,000 in cash. The
settlement resulted in a loss on settlement of debt in other expense for 98,500. 

F- 34 

During
April 2021, in connection with this settlement of the remaining balance of 8,500 of the Note of 12,000 originated in December 2018,
we issued 2,000,000 shares of common stocks in satisfaction of 4,000 of the Note with a fair value of 15,200 and made a repayment of
 4,500 in cash. The settlement resulted in a loss on settlement of debt in other expense for 11,200. 

Settlement
and Restatement of Promissory Notes 

During
March 2020, 50,000 of the Note of 120,000 with original issuance discount of 20,000 originated in November 2017 was settled for 125,000,000
shares. An additional 36,000,000 shares were issued to satisfy the default provision of the original note and 10,000,000 shares were
issued along with the restatement. The total fair value of issued stock was 119,700. The remaining balance of 70,000 was restated with
additional issuance discount of 14,000. The 84,000 due in September 2020 is in default and negotiation of further settlement. 

Settlement
of a Related-Party Note 

During
June 2020, the Note of 14,400 with original issuance discount of 2,400 to a related party amended in December 2018 was settled with
cash payment of 14,400 and 5,000,000 shares of common stocks. The shares were valued at fair value of 3,000. 

Common
Stock Issued for Default Payments 

During
January 2020, we issued a total of 75,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the convertible
promissory note of a total of 148,225 amended in August and November 2018. The shares were valued at fair value of 45,000. 

During
July 2020, we issued a total of 1,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 22,000 originated in December 2019. The shares were valued at fair value of 700. 

During
September 2020, we issued a total of 10,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory
note of 333,543 plus accrued interest amended in September 2019. The shares were valued at fair value of 6,000. 

During
October 2020, we issued a total of 1,500,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 84,000 amended in March 2020. The shares were valued at fair value of 900. 

During
January 2021, we issued a total of 25,000,000 restricted shares to a Note holder due to the default on repayments of the promissory note
of 166,926 amended in July 2020. The shares were valued at fair value of 107,500. 

Convertible
notes receivable 

On
March 10, 2021, we purchased a convertible note from an unrelated third party for a total of 26,950 with original issuance discount
of 2,450. The note is convertible into common shares for 0.01 per common share and mature on March 10, 2022. 

F- 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 

 THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) AS 

 ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Rik J. Deitsch, Chief Executive Officer of Nutra Pharma Corp., certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 of Nutra Pharma Corp.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons fulfilling the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 July 1, 2021 
 /s/
 Rik J. Deitsch 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Nutra Pharma Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2019, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rik J. Deitsch,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 Rik J. Deitsch 

Rik
 J. Deitsch 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Principle Financial Officer 

Date:
 July 1, 2021 

This
certification accompanies this Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the registrant for the purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. This certification shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Report), irrespective
of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

A
signed original of this written statement required by 906 has been provided to the registrant and will be retained by the
registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 4
 nhpc-20191231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 nhpc-20191231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 nhpc-20191231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 nhpc-20191231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 nhpc-20191231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nhpc-20191231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

